why did you feel guilty? people really should not drive drunk.
yeah he was punished hes in jail still
sorry again! hope you will get relief from this sadness. please concentrate on your interests to divert your mind from this.
wow, that is awesome! i have never been to an actual concert.
jeez! its so unfortunate. very sad really. 
which one?
no problem. what kind of work does he do?
that is always number one goal.
oh i see. they must miss you, too.
yes. i do not have a facebook.
yes i do not like walmart.
that is a tough situation.
that is a full time job raising a human
that is a good idea! this way you can also meet friends for yourself, but also maybe meet new friend's for your children to hang out with while you do with their moms!
yes, i have heard some parents do not ever say no to their kids. makes no sense
i understand that, i hope things work out well for you both in the end!
yes, i could not agree more. it is remarkable how your feeling suddenly change.
oh i am sure. i would not like to be in a situation like that. good thing everything worked out for you.
oh wow, that is awful. stuff like that really teaches you to appreciate what you've got and to not take it for granted.
exactly, i get that entirely!
that is so sweet of them, i hope you enjoyed it!
well i used to be lonely a lot but i eventually found someone. i think you will too.
that is how it goes, sometimes you can just figure them out immediately
that has happened to me too many times to count
uau, what a surreal moment.i always believe kids have a lot to teach us.
yes it did. i believe she just waited it out and tried to neutralize the conversation when we were together. 
you can track her down to say sorry, or would that be creepy?
i have something totally different. my boss is clueless to the world and have no business being a leader. 
that is how life goes! different schedules and demands, i am sure she is so thrilled when she *does* get to see you!
my first thought was "california" but then there is venice [italy] and then either way, that is an amazing destination!
that is a real bummer, but as they say, there are plenty of fish in the sea!
i practice boxing. i love to punch the sandbags.it is very therapeutic.
oh poor thing.  i hope she is doing better now.  losing a pet is extremely hard!
which one are you going to california or florida ?
yeah, i miss my dad.  he died several years ago.  what kind of car is he looking for?
my big thing is i am like o' i may need that leave it out of the tote box. before i know it i have more stuff laying around then when i started.
text and emails are still the best option., until a nw way is created.
maybe once you feel like you can bring it up again, you can try to approach the topic from another angle.
that must have been quite the culture shock, glad it all worked out though!
yea for sure, i definitely learned that sometimes life just works in a funny way. when's the last time you have been really disappointed? 
i guess he wanted to be available if she needed him.
oh my! i am glad she apologized!
yes, we should try to yourself heathy
one of them is! i have an 18 year old and a 12 year old.
it would be hard to replicate that day for sure, but i bet you have a lot to be confident about. you got this!
your so lucky. insurance is my number one worry every month. 
woah plot twist. she brought him along to meet you? 
pcb is where we always go! if you want to drive a little bit, go to hunts in pcb it is off the beaten path but the best seafood and prices just go early (like 4oclock) for dinner or you will not get in!
is she always a flake? maybe time for a new friend?
i am glad that nothing happened.
oh no! is she okay?! do not beat yourself up too much, you could not have ever imagined that she had been in an accident.
i love fireball.
that is horrible. will they reschedule?
wow, what happened?
that is great.
i think you got it man! congratz!
i am very glad it has a happy ending. sounds a bit scary
did you ever tell your friend?  
i wish refrigerators would have a warranty that replaced food when they went bad. 
super tough situation, i think you should let her know, and let her decides next
well, i am sure mom had a laugh! i can imagine how you felt at the time though!
sounds awesome! do you have a beachside beverage or traditions that you enjoy? (mine would be tequila + lime..very jimmy buffett)
yes, i was the same way too! i started working two days after i turned 16 so i could have my own money too!
yes me too now if everyone would just take our lead
first time parent?
actually i am not, but it sounds very interesting and by working with different organizations, i would imagine it is also exciting and new every day.
yes men are definitely a bad idea when it comes to life and business
that is so funny! i do not think she will want to be compared to an ant when she gets older. you will have to remind her.
those words are the things we cherish more than any other thing, i love it when my girls do that!
no, nothing at all
ha!  what a neat day to announce it did they do any special kind of announcement?  i see so many videos of interesting and neat ways to make that announcement.
i have not heard of that one.  what genre does it fall in?
that is great have you found another job yet?
people are so rude when they drive these days
that happened to me too. with the other exorcist movies and the ring movies. even though they scared me, i was too curious to not see the others.
that is great. i wish i had someone so close like that!
oh, i see. i am not much of a horticulturist but it makes sense that it could be over-saturated.
so what breed did you get ?
do you find the home buying experience worth it?
and do not forget how many years they have to study in order to get a license for surgery
that sounds like a great career plan. you will be filling a very important role in the physician's practice!
maybe i will try that. do you think it will work?
so exciting! it can be fun to have a roommate
where i grew up did not have one nearby so i get a little jealous hearing about it.
oh ok. i completely understand. i had a friend share a post about making mix tapes from the radio with a cassette player. totally remember doing that!
well, i was referring to my own kids. they have adjusted well at 17 and 19.
yeah it was so boring. even my kids got bored and they had been dying to see it,
sorry to hear that. i found that it helps to have multiple savings accounts, so whenever you get a certain amount of money (like $5, $10) save it and be strict not to spend it.
okay, it was not just one, it was three: one cherry, and two grape. how anyone can eat just one at a time? oh, the number of wrappers was also brought up. like, i do not care if yuo bought them for the kids, i am part of this household as well. i tried to make it a teaching moment about how if you do not get the popsicles first someone else would, but i think my arguments have been falling on deaf ears for awhile now,
that is horrible. i am really sorry about your friend. 
that is incredible! i swear some things in life are determined by fate. i am glad you were able to get a car.
lol.you had to beg your husband for a surprise party??
well atleast you have something to help you guys.
that is great! my b.s. ( i always hate saying that because i have to say i have my bs in psychology) is in psychology.
wow, seriously i hate those pets being around me
congrats ,that is a step forward
that must have been really hard. 
wow. that is impressive.  are you guys still friends?  maybe he could get you a job in one of his stores.
well why did you have it if it belonged to them?  did you pawn it?
i know what you mean.  however, the older i get the more i want to go back.
so sad!  i am sorry.  do not feel too bad its natural for them to want to be outside.
oh yes but it is not as bad and you cannot call it dying like in cancer patient 
i do not think sushi is that good too. the best option is to stop eating them in any form of food
that is how all pranks should be!
oh that is too bad. ): i do not want to overstep but i always like to encourage people to hold on to their love for each other no matter what trials come up. 
do not give up on love.it the best feeling ever to experience. wish you well.
that will be better. talk to her before you lose her
i wish my friends bought me alcohol, that would make for a hell of a night! 
that must be hard i always wished i had a sister though i have a brother 
that is not good at all. that is a very scary situation.
i live in a place where it only snows once in 10 years. so, i think i am passing on that
you should spend time with her whilst you can. my mum died and i wish i had been with her more.
i did not revise. sometimes exams are failed and things are not corrected.
yes i do love my mom very much.
that will help you know her stand on your relationship
it pays decent and feeds the kids so i cannot complain.
sometimes it is good to have something you enjoy make money so you can pursue your passion without worrying about it.
i understand being fascinated by them they can be very intriguing. maybe you should stop watching as many though. 
yeah, i am sad about the whole left vs. right thing in general. ultimately we should all be uniting against the corrupt people that are running amok in the government. 
lovely. that is really great. wishing you all the best
i am happy for you wish i could find a nice lover like that.
that is great. it sounds like a very good situation to be in.
i know it is hard to build the confidence needed to do something like that, but you do not want to keep them to yourself. if you really think she is the woman of your dreams then you have to try
well did you have any story or anything that you had in mind that you wanted to tell me? i told you a story of mine before so you owe me haha.
yes.  too many people these days are mean to one another!
that is good, death is a natural part of life.
yes,u will surely get over it
yes, married for 15 years and it is still great.
i am i love them very much. however we live on opposite parts of the country.
but did you tell your friend about it later?
my goodness, well i guess that happens to all of us at least once.
west coast is fun, but it can be expensive.
i think that is a good news for you both since you are not married
get your self a friend to stay with for a couple of months.
wow, i belief u can make it.
sounds like a cupboad cleaning is necessary. if they ain't around, they cannot be eaten.
really? so she would have travelled with him
where was this?
yes,it really hurts
soryy, may she rest in peace, please try comfort your wife
oh wow, that outta pay very well.
hahaha you put the hammer down good for you bro. how are things with the new wife going?
you really need to let him know not to do that again, he could've really gotten himself and others hurt!
yeah i have. what is your brothers name?
the dress was a few years old, i could not believe it did not fit.
a latte.
that is good to know,keep it up
so, how did you now do it
just give it a trial
oh no! those cookies sure do sound delicious though.
oh man, you gotta super clean it, have the professionals do it even 
good to know.  i will do it like it next time.
that is great my man! i cannot wait for my first son. so far 6 daughters
it is better to do what you are passionate about. do that and success follows
god works in mysterious ways
just goes to show that people can be amazing. just never give up, persistence is the key
that sounds terrible! i hope everything gets sorted! be positive 
haha, your a player.
must have been quite a sight. 
hope u will not indulge in such act like theft again?
wow, that is a really good club
awesome! any daughters? what will be your sons name?
lol. do not do the crime if cannot face the bat ;)
amen! so true. its especially awesome when he picks us up in every fall. his love never fails
well that is good and bad. hopefully the joke did not carry on too long
me too. i always end up on the 90s hip hop station on pandora.
someone should have sued them.
that is good. you have a good heart
yes jesus can save you if you ask him.  he always forgive.
wow, interesting.
hahahaa, its not easy though, i would have done same
oh wow. i have never heard of that many sick days.
oh, she should not have done that
oh no
but it is really cool atimes
well were pretty close in age
yeah he might do a pretty good job as that character.
that is a great attitude to have. you should keep with that.
yes i understand, it is really sad when you find that people you have known a long time can be very different from what you thought.
awww but it is still good that you did not push him, cox it might lead to something else 
wow! i better! i stopped at associates of general studies, because i wanted to be a mom more. so that is a huge step for you! 
i bet! hard work pays off
i am sure they forgave you in the end.
i totally agree, new music is not as good.
did not that game come out a few months ago? i got it shortly after i released and i was not very impressed. it was not a bad game, but it certainly was not the best game.
cool. maybe next year you will be a partner!
ah! that is quite understandable. it is tricky at first and non-intuitive. i practiced driving in reverse with cones in an abandoned lot. 
hmmm! that is just annoying being an alcoholic. i purely understand your situation as i have gone through it. well! life goes on.
yeah whispering in someones ear is weird
cool.  hope he gets it, i hear they pay pretty well
i would be too. 
fantastic, now do you have a job lined up?
man, how was your insurance policy for that?
what started the fist fight in the first place?
everything old makes a come back!
over priced food is no fun. i like dollar menus.
man that is scary! granted i like to hear things about that. 
wow that is really cool! you must be happy to know about that stuff its interesting!
some people are like that. did you tell your husband?
great, i hope you have a nice trip. how long will you be staying?
i would have been too. i have never been fired. i always quit
that is a nice breed of dog.  i just went on a camping trip with a relative who has one, they are very loyal and smart of course.  was he/she your first pet?
that is great! i hate when people cheat
that is good. i can somewhat relate. i think the longest i have waited on someone was a colleague who was supposed to meet us at happy hour, and ended up getting delayed by our boss for 45 minutes. we were glad she made it out, but i did feel worse for her than for all of us.
i understand that! i have a bunch of pet snakes that wake me up thru the night!
 i am from nc mountains, it can be tricking driving when the snow is latying fast
it just makes you mature faster. just look at it like blessing in disguise.
that is good to hear.  how was the beach?
that would be a really nice surprise then!
oh yea what kind of shirt was it 
i love video games.
maybe you should leave florida.
thats awesome of her to be able to get you something you really wanted
i believe that!
did she get mad at you?
what did you have for lunch?
how long did it take you?
do not sweat it man. there is plenty of fish in the sea anyways.
yeah, i tried skateboarding in my childhood but was too scared to break something,.
oh, well that is a somewhat happy ending i suppose.
yeah what breed is yours? mine is a golden so he loves eating stuff. now it is thankfully just actual food.
it happens. like you said, we cannot all be perfect.
they must have been really happy.
it is a shame that people are letting these marvels pass them by.
no not really because we are all human and make mistakes.
aw, poor little thing! how did you overcome this? or, are you still afraid of them?
i am glad you are not too prideful to admit your mistakes to your kids and used it as a teaching opportunity.
i understand that, as long as i could understand the language i think i would be great anywhere.
if its an older iphone i would treasure it 
oh wow, that is a dangerous job.
so you have like tunnel vision where ?
yeah, everyone just seems miserable, so it kind of drags you down, too. but it is a necessary evil.
that seems to be the case, you win some you lose some i guess
i love seeing mine too. i know how happy that must make you feel. mine are local.
thats cool
sorry to hear that. well, at least this will be a weight off your shoulders.
yay! congrats! that is really awesome. you should be proud of yourself
that is what i would do too. do you have something in mind? 
if he really loved you, he would pay attention to your every need. kick him to the curb.
sorry to hear this. hope you will get out from this fear and become a good driver. 
do you cook a lot with tomatoes
that is the part that bothers me the most. when they just cut in front of you with no warning.
well we met through going to conventions and i even visited some myself. really great bunch of people and i see places.
why thank you!
i am glad you made amends then and no drama.
yea, experience and skills matter a lot more.
i ask myself the same thing.  sometimes i think they get mad at something we do.
that is cute
i know what you mean! i am literally doing the same thing right now, babysitting my neighbor's dogs in her big two-story house, all alone. makes me feel like someone's watching me..
i work from home too.  its so nice to be able to do laundry and things on my breaks.   i am so productive around the house
oh, i misunderstood! i thought you meant you were not invited to one that you later found out about. hah! then i guess the wake-up call is you have really good friends! so, you like surprise parties then? i never did.
that is not very fair, a kind reminder could've gone a long way.
i love going to the spurs games.
yes, where did you go to college?
sugar will do that to kids every time.  just do not let them on a  roller coaster to make it even worse.
they must not listen very well.
yeah, but chipotle has queso now! but, yeah, it is not as good as qdoba queso. 
i wonder if they ever feel like they do not get a childhood?
that is great!
could not ask for a better day
well there is always next time!
definitely. i think even waze app will tell you in you search 'around me'. 
huh, well maybe he is starting his campaign
i get that, some are just not well trained at all
i am sorry i do hope things can be worked out
that is too bad. i bet you miss them.
how long ago did she die?
congrats! you deserve it for keeping your faith!
well, you know she will get over it, but it does hurt.
what a dream come true for you that'll be.
does anyone help you with the bills?
sounds like a great friendship! 
friendship is special. did he do something to his friend?
i hope things turn out better for you. keep fighting.
glad you rocked that interview. sounds like it is gonna be a sweet gig.
what will you do with it now?
that is pretty much teaching their kids to worry about appearances than learning, too. that is too bad.
that is cute. i bet he is happy.
it is truely for the best. try not to worry.
must be nice to have more income coming into the family.
well i bet he appreciates that. we all want to be babied sometimes.
just buy another one and do not eat it.
that is unacceptable. what are you going to do?
take some medication with you just in case.
in real life? or are you making this up
that is nuts. did the owner do anything?
ah, the evil cancer. took my grandmother as well. i am sure he is off in a better place now.
that is good. gotta build and maintain those family bonds. i should be doing the same once my nephew gets older.
at least those things come in sets, so you can keep part of it?
i am sure you are going to get it.
thanks for being so understanding!  i feel a little better now.
i have not. what is it?
lol, that is terrible. she should have changed his diaper before leaving the house what the heck..
do not worry, it will get better. i know you deserve better
that is good! all it takes is a good day once in a while to keep things on track until they get older. my mom just tries to be as patient and considerate with my sister so that she still feels motivated to communicate with her.
i have never been to california.
did anyone help you?
nothing like relaxing and getting your body ready for a night of good sleep!
how did you do?
that is nce
okay
ok then
well habe fun i guess.
oh, that is odd! i am sorry they did not tell you what was going on. 
ok
aha. what was the association?
i understand.
it must be very good, if you are willing to go that far!
which part of the country are you in? are you by the beach?
was it recently? happy birthday
oh, i was thinking something bad happened.
take care of yourself and your family.
i am happy for you then
good for you! i wish more people were like this, unlike my ex! 
exactly, be positive and you can buy one for yourself!
i feel the same way.  we are a glass half full kind of people!
haha that must be nice too though, you get your own alone time for the most part!
good, one should always be positive
she sounds like it 
best of luck to you
oh yeah that is always going to be up and coming for sure 
you do the same thing .. the opportunity is for both
well, i am sure he understands, and you should not feel too bad, as long as you apologized you are fine.
hey it was just one day! you got this.. work extra hard for the next 5 days! 
i am sure your supportiveness inspires him to work as hard as he does
my bedroom is first floor, and literally maybe 4 feet from the parking lot. lucky me. lucky you tho too with animals. 
i used to lose stuff all the time.  then i learned to relax and actively imagine all the places i would been to.  it worked for me then, found a g-shock watch a pair of nikes and my wallet
oh i bet! you guys will have such a wonderful time together
wow that would make for a lonely timeframe
wow, that sucks, that is why i wanna live all alone!
must have rather awkward. remember, farting is just natural and i am sure she understands that.
i love video games, you should buy a switch!
how long have you looked at life this way? is it sustainable ?
that is good prayer can comfort, maybe you should talk to your pastor
i put it on hold until i fly up there this year to check things out. it is quite a big decision, and i would recommend going there for a while just to see what it is like
maybe that is a good idea, to try and set aside a small amount of time a day to do it instead of trying to do it all the time along with everything else going on. good idea!
same here.  try to take advantage of your gaming and be more outgoing during gametime.
*very excited.  (oops).  where did she go?
that sounds like fun, where in the ozakrs?
hm maybe she liked you ha
that is awesome!
i am not sure i feel comfortable telling you as we just met.
that is good to hear!  i am am sure you are grateful to experience such a good day!
ah. well, chalk it up to one of those funny but awkward moments of life then!
good luck! i hope you get it.
you and your wife should go out to events and try to meet new people.
i am sorry.  where did she go?
be carefull , you do not know the cray people that is out there.
do not worry about it. it happens to the best of us.
i feel the same when listening to 90s alternative music
sounds like a lot of drama ugh i hope you get some rest tonight 
oh wow then that is really good! for someone to say that! you should be very proud of yourself.
maybe you are felling lonely these days?
weird reaction. i feel like he should just do his job and not key your car.
well, i hope it is alright, heart problems is not something you should take lightly.
that sounds like so much fun! i am glad you got to go back to revisit.
just keep working hard and make them proud.
i absolutely agree. as long as you are not hurting anyone, do whatever you please!
keep your head up! job hunting is usually stressful for most people. you got this!
i did not say that.
that is nice, what does he enjoy watching?
i agree. stealing someone else's possession when it was not necessary for your survival is despicable! i hate a thief!
my goodness, that sounds like a tragedy. i am sure she was a great dog friend of yours.
uh oh, have you ever delivered a baby before?
wow, that is amazing. what made her want to go back to school?
what is been bothering you at work? are you not being fulfilled enough?
oh that is really nice! its important to help each other out when things like that happen!
please tell me who she is!
hahaha yes, you are so right. then again, i am a christian so i am also comforted when i remember that we have a real, more important and awesome life to look forward to one day.
what a story, it is just unbelievable how these robbers have absolutely no morals.
you should install security cameras outside your house.
i hope that you hear back from them soon. it ain't going to be rough forever someone has got to recognize your worth eventually!
i am so sorry that happened to you!
well, at least she loves you. maybe shoving all her hair up your nose is her way of telling you that.
wow! that is on the east side of africa is not it? 
i am sure your friend will forgive you.
oh cool! i love chess! what did you win? 
yeah i see what you mean. hopefully he might realize eventually.
well, a wise man said that having patience was a virtue, i think you are becoming a more virtuous person by waiting.
also having at least one  friend in such meetings  would help. next time  go with someone you know
how great, i am glad to hear that.
wow, that is awfully young for that kind of thing.
sometimes revamping leads to more amazing results than you could have orginially anticipated
hopefully, she answers soon. maybe she is taking a nap or is in the shower.
how funny! i know how you feel though. i have always been poor.
that is so sad. i feel sorry for you. 
i do feel that way, i try to always have a christian attitude.
oh, that is even better. that is truly a friend you can rely on. you are very fortunate.
we all have different talents. mine do not lie in those kind of stunts either! 
you could start a trend.
it will help eventually
i hope the owner knows better next time.
for sure! it is much like potty training a kid. actually i think dogs are easier then kids!
that is really good to hear
good question.  i am thankful to be able to park my car in my garage!
that sounds like it pays nice?
i am sorry to hear that. how far along in the process are you?
i heard that was a really fun game though!
oh no.i hope she gets better.
congratulations. i am in my twenties and still cannot drive so hopefully i will get my license next year.
a burger king near me got shut down for that!
i bet you were really proud!
yeah, it sounds that way.
stores should really open more checkouts when it is busy, especially during rush our!
yeah, but then there is also those late nights where you have to take them out because they are not used to holding their pee/poop in. and also them peeing and pooping in the house as they learn not to do that to begin with. they just have unlimited energy, so it is hard to keep up sometimes, but also fun!
ah, i see. had a great childhood, hu?
that is a very interesting topic. i would have loved to have seen that!
they never slept in the crib. i will not even make my son get a haircut because he cries so much when the clippers get close. i am the wrong one to come to for advice
i envy you.  have fun!
thinking about past events can be very nostalgic
time to find a new job it sounds like! good luck
holy goodness! that is really specialized. you should be very proud!
not yet, i just have one dog.
oh i remember when those came out and everyone thought they were going to be worth millions someday! 
of course.. haha. why does not anyone pay adults to make their beds?
i hope the baby rat is okay.
well i am glad to hear it is resolved.
well how nice, that must have been fun.
how long were you lost for?
context, what the heck are you talking about?
i bet you would go on many vacations if you did the same as her. instead, you are being a responsible person and doing what is best for your future.
i am so happy for you! have you decided on a name yet?
props to you for researching the diet without understanding how it works. some people are just looking for ways to lose weight fast, but putting in effort goes a long way.
very funny. have you decided on a name yet?
what did you get instead?
you have as because you have high interest in studying  
that is so true! you are a true weight loss warrior i think!
i like 2% as well.  it is perfect for cereal and chocolate milk!
ok
dang.  please do not blame yourself.
yea, something calming helps during fraustrating moments, but at least you know how the route is now
aha! was it actually your anniversary today? happy anniversary!
i would imagine! i would do the same thing if i was your dad, haha.
why you no hunt and send wife instead.
you guys will be alright trust me i  experienced same with my partner and now we are fine. our kid is a teenager now. i am happy for you guys
well i am glad for you! and for him! a new life is exciting
that is really good, though. it sounds like you gave her a great life.
in that case, you are better off without her. 
well, i have always been of the mindset that (if they can) they should help the first 2 years as that is usually the break-in period. after that, the child should be able to manage
oh i am sorry to hear that. i also enjoy dogs. they are one of life's great joys in my opinion.
oh ok. in that case let someone very close like your mother come around to help you out. having someone to talk to helps in times like this
i will have to do the same! i wish my skin looked better than it does.
omg! i know how you feel
yes, that yamaha sound chip was magical. we call it the genesis over here.
wow, that must have been a terrible experience.
whove very nice ya and super talent.
well whatever went wrong, i hope it can be fixed somehow.
awe, that is a sweet story! the kitten got a happy ending!
she must be a strong woman.
that is good at least. living in an area with tornados is so scary!
that is very sweet. i think they will have a happy and lasting marriage.
ah. hopefully something with good gas mileage!
ok get started already. a stich in time saves nine  !
i know. canada is not even overseas in the literal sense, it is just over the border!
neither would i, i dislike such greedy people 
i know how that is.  at least you have your car back!
oh jeez that is really awful. can you get it back?
well that makes sense.
how many kids do you want in total?
oh, sorry to hear. i am sure your child was glad you were home. is she or he feeling better now?
the club is not a great place to find the right kind of girl anyways.  
this somehow seems inappropriate.
just do not over do, you have to enjoy being a parent, that is a key to happy kids.
was it liquid ?
really? no shower for few days?
the truth can set us free, probably better for her and you both. 
 i am really sorry for your loss! i hope that someday it gets better for the both of us. 
i am sure, i would be too of my daughter. you sound like an awesome parent. 
come clean to them about any major lies, you will feel better
amen sister! women always keep things in check
haha. i guess she was not as good as your girl huh?
i understand, mine just turned 15 and i am not looking forward to that day.
people are just selfish and only consider their own lives! 
it is okay.  
great! i know it can be a tough job, i am sure you will do fine, keep studying!
well there are plenty more girls out there
like you had a different kind of accident
honestly that sounds pretty fun to me i have not been to bingo in years. i love listening to the older people arguing when someone wins. 
hope you feel better
nothing special.
seems plausible
thats cool
thats cool
oh wow, i love hippos and i do not know what sloth look like will let google help me out
maybe? is it that big of a deal to you?
oh wow, that is great! i would be very happy too!
wow that is great
oh cool, do you live in the city?
that is something to be happy about!  congratulations!
that is a nice car! i know you are enjoying that!
that is so nice that she made note that you had been wanting it for so long! 
that will come! the hardest part is over now!
awesome! strategic management sounds difficult by itself, i hope you get the grade you need!
it is probably best that you do not see them, then. good thinking.
the company you work for is horrible. they should have gave you that time off because it was a family emergency.
i do not blame you!
yes i was
i love being able to reminisce on the past. time goes by so fast. 
yeah you thought ahead, me not so much. our house was fine but a huge mess to clean up in the yard and no power for 2 days. i hope your house was ok too!
did everything go well or do you not know yet?
no, i have always wanted one though
i am sorry did you get to see her a lot before she passed?
right. did he at least apologize for the long wait
how much studying did you do leading up to it?
i have, i love going when i can
well you made the right choice in man to marry. what kind of necklace?
hehehe. do not mind if i giggle do you?  you need to remember.. do not feel embarrassed bout silly stuff like that.  those people do not know you or really care.  they laugh like i did because its fun to see things happen to other people that we fear. 
well be careful for sure
yes, you do.otherwise, you are going to carry that pain the rest of your life.
now you having something to celebrate. congrats!
yeah that is important, did you have music you could have listened to or something?
oh wow, that is loyalty for sure
that is still really sweet.  i never knew any of mine.  treasure her while you can!
i hope you have all the emergency essentials you need for next time.
nature is a wonderful thing
i bet she is going to be so surprised!  is she hard to surpise?
that is true. either way it seems like he definitely got the hint. 
ha, that is funny
oh man that is just crazy! feel bad for the person who has to clean it.
keep it, the guilt will go away
exactly, sometimes i think women like drama.
well i hope you guys continue to stay in touch.
that is the craziest thing i have ever heard.
i am envious. do you have any idea of what those plans are?
i believe you
did you have any damage to your home?
i am sorry about that. is it contagious?
why are you so down, my depressed friend?
yuck!  clean that up quick so it does not grow mold!
maybe you can plan another trip together soon sounds like you guys need some time to reconnect and just truly enjoy each other.
leave a note on their door. and at the end put "thanks in advance"
oh my god.i had doctors really mess me up too. i am in a lawsuit. have you thought about contacting an attorney?
nice! mowing the lawn is not fun in the heat unless you are using a super fast one of course
maybe so, they say to imagine the crowd naked, but i do not think that helps too much with the writing part.
that is funny. i have also seen trolls about 100 times. my daughter is now sick of it!
oh yum. not a terrible place to work!
that is pretty cool.  what a nice person.
that sounds quite scary!  did everything turn out ok?
same here.  i would rather just leave the situation.
congrats. i want a promotion at my job.
that sound like a wise decision. i think i would just get a blow up doll instead.
that is awesome. 
i hate when that happens. 
maybe you should let him get a couple of things to make up for it.
well now you know.
very cool, are you a scientist?
i bet.  it can be brutal with the change and not having someone but you have to trust yourself that you are doing the right thing.  its a good time to grieve your time together and then move on and find yourself again.
that is an important job though!  you are keeping things running smoothly for that business to thrive.  i am so happy for you.  money is tight for me so when i hear someone getting a bonus.it just makes me so happy for them to get that added chunk of money!
yeah, i will consider it. that is a nice thought. my brothers have had 5 kids between them, so i have plenty of nieces and nephews to deal with in the meantime, and they've given me lots of practice, but i am grateful for that. 15 and 19, that is awesome. you are almost all the way through getting both of them to a stage where your job becomes a little easier.
it is ridiculous.  i found out how they measure power that people use in their houses and it does not even sound fair to me.  it averages things because it cannot specifically tell. 
well that should relieve some stress
i am sure they have forgotten about it
aww i am sorry. that is a bummer.
he must be a great speaker.
i am sure everything will be fine. do not stress.
just hope for the best and do not worry.
what are those things?
it sounds like you live in a great community.
nothing like taking it out on the weights and gaining the muscles in return! 
i cannot function if i eat anything other than my usual breakfast.
how so?
sorry to hear that. i hope your insurer will call you back soon.
that is pretty sad and heart-breaking to see kids in such situations
how nice of her. you must have been so happy to see her.
well, we all want to work from home but it takes a lot of work and sweat to make that a reality for most of us
the buggy is important,  i have a baby boy of my own.
do you make enough money to support the baby?
those foids deserve it.
give it some time, maybe she will change her mind.
oh yea i can imagine glad shes fine
that is nice. good luck.
i remember these game well, like contra and battle toads. 
was it your only choice to get where you were going?
toyota is reliable, are getting an suv?
that is good to have something in common. make the memories.
try doing something you never did before.
you did good. you should have called the manager to tell him know.
i am glad you were able to get one that you are going to enjoy so much.
i like renovation projects. and yes, renting is a waste of money
yep, money spent on bills and food, with little left for fun.  my wife has the same complaint. 
i am sorry, that is a sad thing to go through
i can imagine it is
aw hopefully you never lose that picture!
you should go on a little date if you can. or to the movies!
no problem. its also worth carrying a taser or pepper spray.
thats good thetn
yes and theres no point mulling over it! 
wow that is good
i feel happy for ya! i used to collect cards myself, i still have them
i am glad to hear that! as long as you keep working hard and trying your best you can do it! 
i did not know this broadway show but it seems nice.
i feel happy and content just sitting here listening to you describe the experience.
ok but did you pass the test
well, a night out dancing will go a long way towards reconnecting with the love of your life.  i am happy for you!
oh. wow. sorry that it happened.
oh my god. my hearty condolences. 
it feels so good just to hear you say that
oh yea, he is too good at what he does. i heart stunning review for the show as well
oh congrats on that. always nice to see family 
wow that is good
as you should
so happy for you!
dear god. i hope you are alright my friend!
well, it is never too late my friend. pursue your dreams
wow!  i did not expect that answer from you!  that must have been a great surprise!
i would have thrown up right then and there
thank you, your so kind
sounds like everything went better than expected.
i really hope things work out for you my friend
gross.  we have those here too.  typically you only see them during the summer.
i wish you the very best on that my friend
aw. i feel you my friend. hopefully things get better soon enough
best advice.  never confess it.
aww. your story is both cute, funny and innocent
aweeee that is pretty cute.
so glad to hear that buddy. wishing you are your girl all the very best
that is unfortunate.  what are you doing now?
sorry, something wrong with the chat interface
hope you feel better
oh yeah, me too. they have such cool attitude
hahaha. i am sorry, i know it was really scary, but to think about it now, it is really funny as well
better luck next time!  i love to scratch!
smart move, at least you noticed it and it was not hidden under icing or anything
sorry buddy. hopefully she is at a better place
i cannot imagine the pain you went through, i have 7 brothers and the taught of losing one of them scares me
well, they are looking for more viewers. it is not news anymore, it is entertainment.
i understand that. i tried to give him a new table for his apartment, and he blatantly ignored me. i was like, well i do not have to give it to you.
so they just cleaned house ? damn that bad , i would assume they would have kept some workers 
i may need to see if i have one near by.
so true. lakers going to do well this time around.
sorry. hopefully he is at a better place now.
i assure you she is a keeper. marry her buddy!
i wish you the best of luck, you will be fine!
oh okay, did you see it in nyc?
ouch.  what kind of dog?
oh wow, that does sound fun
well in those contests, you have to be really pumped and by just fruits and vegetables, it is very unlikely
take joy and pride in the memories you have of him.  they are your personal family movies in your mind.  cherish them because not everyone gets them with their parents.  its good to find support and counseling too if you need it. take care of yourself.
good for you buddy happy for ya
it does have its benefits.
cannot say he did not deserve that.
sounds wonderful!  i really want to take up gardening.  it would go with my new lifestyle i have adopted of eating plant based.  do you have tips for a beginner?
maybe i will have to check it out
oh that is awesome. congrats
for faith there is no path it is an individual human's thought 
i hope so, i am still not sure if i want kids
that is crazy,  its only usually a few minutes for me before i can talk myself down.
its natural. do not sweat it.
see? that is terrific! and she is got to love that you can celebrate her victories too, even more inspiration to support yours!
i have felt the same way. as i have aged and become more comfortable and secure in my marriage and in myself, those other insecurities and fears dropped off. good for you for conquering that challenge!
that sounds like it was a lot to take in! congrats to them!
yea i can understand that
great job! i am so happy for you! losing weight is hard!
i bet! but at least now, like you said, she can see what hard work can achieve. hopefully the path continues in the best way possible and she can get everything you both hope(d) for!
do not be so hard on yourself for being a frien and trust another people.
i bet that was a long time ago!
being competitive is not a bad thing unless you let it get in the way of your personal life. 
college and high school friends are always close to the heart. i am glad she lives fairly close!
i hope it goes as smooth as possible. hang in there.
it is like losing a family member
that is very bad. unemployed individual can be very frustrating to deal with
maybe it has something to do with your diet ?
that sounds like a really relaxing time, i am jealous.
i hope that you win your money back and then some, you really deserve it after all of that upset!
sounds like a great time.  what has brought that memory back up again
good deal!  hopefully then you will not feel so alone!
oh, so you were able to get that spider away from you! good job, hopefully that will not have to happen to you again!
oh really? i thought summer ended after july. you learn something new everyday
yea man go for it, do not procrastinate.
if my sister died to breast cancer, i would be so depressed to the point of my health deteriorating too.
life is so complex.we had no idea of the design of that
oh that is all the way into the cold and wet wild! do you have or will you think of getting sled dogs?
i hope so as well, especially for my kids sake!
she really does need an intervention , and family and friends would help greatly , i hope she can get her life back together 
oh,. did you get to see any sharks at the aquarium?
it is a pretty good horror.
any employer would hire someone who went to harvard in a heartbeat. you are a lucky parent!
ok that is a nice car what color is it?? 
oh cool. do you want to work as a scientist?
coming clean is a great way to start.  it is hard since you know she will be hurt.  were you having trouble in the relationship before?
that is awesome i hope yall have a good time!
do you have little time from working or other things?
creepy.  were you able to fall asleep after watching it?
sounds like a nice little place. i am glad you two have that spot to share.
i have a big doofy mutt who is a 75 lb lap dog in his heart. i know the feeling
he is like an angry child trying to make everything about himself!
ah, gotcha. well i hope you heal fast!
well, if the drive was the most challenging it sounds like a good trip! too often it is family dynamics that are *more* challenging, and not so easily taken care of.
there have been a number of times where this has happened to me too. i hope that does not happen to you too much in the future!
that sucks, i hope you get it figured out!
my prayers are with you buddy. stay safe
i love paints, and growing up we had 2 quarter horses that my dad used for calf roping.
practice makes perfect, or makes you fast in your case.
so did you regret doing it? or were you super proud that you did? 
i do not think you are being selfish, you are doing your best!
oh that is nice, will you be going skiing?
i hear you can travel to different dimensions while meditating.
tnank god! they should have let you know they where going to do the job.
i do not understand how so many people value emotion over logic and reason!
better living through chemistry! i am glad you made it through.
lucky you.  where i live people are not so nice.  can i move there?
hmm, wear something thick and long. maybe hockey pads!
but at least you lucked out and they brought it back!
as long as you keep your playful spirit, you are in good shape! sometimes it takes work to hold that awareness, but i can see it in you!
that sounds like a lot of fun, it is so rewarding to have a position where you can engage with other people. you really seem motivating and inspiring, so i am happy you have that job!
silver linings do happen, maybe is was a good thing your friend forgot about you.
that is a lot of money, to me anyway. perhaps she is got a lot of debt to pay off, or perhaps she has kids to take care of?
well done! you should be proud.
wow, that is fantastic news indeed! how long has it been derelict?
broom would be a good choice, hit them in the crotch, that will stop them.
no, i never have. i have always lived in my state i was born in. however, i did travel to utah which was about 1200 miles away and got a bit homesick so i can relate.
i know you probably feel like you did a bad job- but i bet you did so much better than you think! be proud of yourself for having the nerve to speak in front of others!
going too slow can be just as dangerous as going too fast. especially in the fast lane!
yes, i have! it is a great feeling when all of your hard work pays off! best of luck to you!
oh i will. also wanted to let you know that if your power does go out to be aware that this is when they come out to play!
i agree.  he had so much to live for.  i guess it is hard to know what demons people are hiding inside.
good job! maybe you will get a promotion too!
yeah i really like six flags. they have some great roller coasters. have fun tomorrow!
exactly, it feels great when your prepared for the unexpected.
maybe you could pay someone to come into your house as santa! and all the kiddies will be amazed!
oh no. right now you are going crazy but it will be funny like you said in the future.
do you keep the tissue close whenever your are on the tv?
i have been to the one in tampa.  they have this new coaster that rotates forward and backward and spins around. it was equal parts fun and scary.
did he even hesitate?
awww golden retrievers are adorable.  my ex had one of them.  well i hope your dogs feel better soon.  ear infections are no fun at all.
yes, get it fixed as soon as possible. does insurance cover it?
well, i hope you had a really great time. it sounds like you probably did!
yes i understand, i have a big family so it is hard for us to all get together at the same time.
thats awesome.  i wish i would have taken dancing lessons when i was younger.   i am a horrible dancer
that is a great son. it is always nice to be able to rely on people close to you to help out when needed
stick it out until you have a backup. your bank account will thank you!
you can use baking soda to get the smell out of it.
i love that! it must be so much fun to curate the types of things that go in to the store. do you help out or work there?
i am so happy that you found that expat community. i have often thought about moving abroad, and i am glad that you adapted well.
i hope you recover well and i am sure you will with good support by your side.
yes, i know how you feel. all we can do is encourage friends to join us in helping to make a difference. i believe there is hope!
ah, maybe he just wanted to make sure it was going to work before he told anyone. 
it is as if some people think they are the only one's on the road.
they probably still just need some time. my grandfather still is not over the passing of my grandmother and that was over a year ago. i would just make sure to keep seeing and talking to your parents to make them feel as loved as you can.
go ahead and post your resume on as many job related forums that you can. i think it is great that you are trying to find other ways of making money too. you are a go-getter, and do not ever give up!
as long as it is something she enjoys. i am sure you are very proud of her!
i know right ? unfortunately for us those are the perks of growing up
i think i would pass out from fear.
that is good to hear. i wish you the best of luck with your new diet.
that is great news. i do not know what i would do if my mom passed.
wow, one day i hope to have enough money for a car like that, that is awesome
i do not really like dogs for that reason.  they are fun to pet but taking care of them is a chore.
yummy, you are making me hungry.  happy belated birthday!
it happens to the best of us, and i totally understand where your coming from , spend some time with your friends or loved ones 
that sounds so delicious i would have loved a plate of that food any deserts 
what is your work area?
i do!  an 8 year old daughter and 5 year old son.  they are my life as well so i totally get what you are saying.  how old is your daughter?
oh wow, i hope you have fun
i love sushi.  did you get a spicy tuna roll?
i am actually home bound, but i love to live through other peoples experiences.  my wife and kids go out and bring back stories of their adventures.  i love it!
you are so strong!  please thank your husband for his service and thank you for being his support, no matter the miles between you.  take care of yourself and get out with friends when you can!
where did you move to?  i feel you. i am in the same place.  just reversed 13 years of lupus suffering by going plant based and now i want to live and see the world! i would love to move to italy.
well, hopefully you can get yourself a better car soon.
i have one younger brother but he is old enough to drive on his own,
i hope you keep doing thaty
not as often as i would like. air travel is expensive after all. i know exactly what you mean though!
you are a good guy. did she take it well?
i am sure he really appreciated you support too!
no problem! i know you cannot always fix everything, but it is worth trying wierd ideas every now and then
that is not long at all
i hope you get your promotion.
i know you have a lot of work ahead of you, but i am sure it will be a rewarding feeling that will be unmatched for the rest of your life. as a man, i cannot imagine what you will have to go through, or what you will enjoy, but i really commend all women everywhere for the strength they give when having a child.
yes, a little bit. when i was young, i did not like that much scary movies.
well for me, in the nfl i like the cowboys and college its alabama too.
i would love to watch people do tricks like this in person myself, but i am not sure if there is any locations near me.
ah i see. something similar happened to my brother too recently while he was picking me up, so we were stuck at a coffee shop parking lot for several hours. 
that is great! hard work pays off i guess.
it is pretty hard to deal with.  one of my friend's buddies died in a car crash as well.
i am happy to hear that you will be ok. enjoy having no kids while you can!
that is very smart thinking!
you live and you learn, at least it was a petty crime and nothing serious!
that is good, at least he is getting better, he will survive!
you should celebrate too. i would
sounds like you guys know how to have fun no matter what. you have good friends. 
yeah, very good to hear! congrats!
maybe you should start a petition in the neighborhood to kick her out.
embarrassing things happen to all of us!
oh he will be, but enjoy it, only babies once
that sounds like a fun day! my wife and i used to go to movies a lot!
 i am sorry he went through that.
yeah and i bet it was like a whole 100 or 200 bucks and we were probably feeling like a ceo. 
ah, i guess you have to save money somewhere
that is good make yourself available and open for others and you will find the next relationship
that is for sure, you can always count on parents for that
i miss being called mommy. one day you will be called grandma
well maybe they found that endearing in a way!
that was nice to repay them back with dinner
i know how hard it was for you. my parents and my brother lived in a different country so i could not even go there at that time to be with them. i felt heartbroken and alone
is that who got you the job?
well that is good
congrats
oh boy, that must be amazing for him
thats cool
wow, you sound pretty confident! you must really know what you are talking about.
i know right, planes make me nervous.
yeah, i can understand that. but it probably would have been best to invite her anyway, just in case.
mine is going crazy with mosquitos
my uncle use to be an iron worker, so i know exactly what you are talking about.
well it is nice he is kind but yes that is a little strange. women can usually take that as something and try to get with your man. 
does she draw or paint? how any students are in this program?
that is good that she has a big brother that can defend her against the bigger kids.  it is just terrible that a teenage boy would act that way to a 10 year old.  no excuse for that.  i hope you do not have to deal with it again, though.
hopefully they will give him a better shift.
that is an awesome, very adult thing to do!  congrats!
oh my gosh! that is disgusting!
you already told me that. is he in sales or something similar?
i have never been married, so i cannot imagine,  but i would want to be with my spouse every moment of every day.
i bet.  i really want to hold on to mine forever, but i know that they need to grow up.  i hope you are still able to make memories with yours even as they are getting older.
smart move. you do not want to get involved in a gunfight. glad you made it out safely.
how sad. feel better knowing that he is in a better place now buddy
well, i gave you the solution right there, buckaroo. all ya gotta do is execute.
aww, that is really sweet to hear
what a disgusting person. i am just being honest.
oh yeah, he is such a true genius of our times, he deserves it
do not feel bad about it buddy, this happens to all of us sometime. feel better
i am sure everything will be fine. just gotta be yourself!
as you should. it will pass away, do not worry
so happy for you. is this your first grandchild?
that is so heartwarming! i hope your relationship works out very well!
i envy you. that is cool.
yes i did that too
did you try to exercise?
oh so it is brand new.  i bet you cannot wait to move in.
so sorry about that
can you blame her?   i mean, if i did not have bills that is what i would be doing.
she may be a natural artist!
well, we were kids once too. we can understand their point of view as well. glad you got to spend quality time with them though
yeah, i can understand how that can be frustrating. do not worry, things will fall in its place soon enough
so cute, i love those memories i bet it was beautiful. 
that is awful and there has to be another reason for it. i cannot stand fathers who behave that way, despicable. 
what kind of job is it?
awww that is kind of disappointing. ice cream cake sounds tastier than pineapple cake.
it must have felt unbelievably hurtful for you. i hope you find someone very soon.
i agree. i think they think we do not care about our birthday so they do not care either. but they are wrong.
that sounds very interesting. i am sure you will do great. 
holy moly! that would have scared me too! did you kill it?
my wife had a similar experience, she still does not drive.  good for you for overcoming it.
at least you saved money doing it yourself!
i bet it was. at least its over now 
nice.  that is a relatively unique way to meet.  what store?
what was the outcome?  did the professor believe you?
that is gonna be a lot of fun, but a lot of work.  good luck!
wow, that is impressive. i have always liked mustangs. what color?
well, i guess it really loves you.
times like that would be so awesome! i hope they come back for you
that is a lot of studying. well, the best of luck to you, though i know you will not need it after all that hard work!
that is one way to get them. being a "big girl" is such an accomplishment
getting through it can only make your relationshipi stronger though
was he sick before?
are you planning something special when she comes home?
yes, those scare me to death when they come out of nowhere.
well, that will be fantastic. hope you have a good time.
did you get to visit? germany is quite beautiful.
is someone important coming voer?
it was not that scary to me
no one writes letters anymore.. its kind of sad
i have done that before
hold on to her
so sorry to hear about this disaster
that is natural.  i am sure you will do great!
well that is good.
i will play pubg after work to keep me busy
i bet you are. i definitely woudl be
have you considered taking a weekend trip there to see how you like it?
i see how that would be frustrating.
aliens? i did not think it was about aliens, i thought it is about ghosts and stuff
i do not have any sharing friends either. you are lucky
oh, disgusting.
that is awesome. i love a well trained dog.
you will get there! i would just be happy and supportive of your friend and visit often!
of course, the wedding can be the most stressful event of your life
what do you collect for ? credit cards or utilities ?
i went to thailand and vietnam. do not worry about anything. traveling was so easy and people are nice everywhere.
oh wow, i would of been terrified!
that is rough. i am sorry that must put you in a real bind.
it reallyi s the best way to do things. that way even if you forget something you've got time to remember and remedy the situation
that sounds fantastic.  i am sure you guys will remember that day for a while. what a nice surprise.
oh. you must be sweet then. your wife is lucky
the worst a movie has gotten me was event horizon.
please do not i am a man, i appreciate what you women go through when you are pregnant or on your period but i am okay with not knowing details
oh nice. make a nice lunch to keep yourself busy. the delivery will be there in no time if you keep yourself busy.
mine has been around 7 years and it is been a little rocky.
i understand, he will learn though once he gets a job and has to pay bills that he will want to go to sleep at a decent time!
that is a great job! well done!
you should take her on a vacation, or something. she deserves it.
well, they would probably be the same if they were in your shoes
did you explain it to them.  that is a pretty good reason to miss it.
how is your relationship now ?
oh awesome! it is a new one?
basically it is a bag with necessities. we put some water, some non perishable foods, snacks, some wipes and a little bit of money
well i need to keep that in mind, great suggestion 
that is a long time to be in the car for sure.
awesome. i am sure it is going to turn out great.
that is good. i am glad everything worked out.
true! do you just swim or you do some water aerobics?
i am so sorry. it was not meant to be.
yeah, it is definitely a classic. it reminds me of my childhood as well.
yeah, just stay positive about it, i am sure you will figure something out.
maybe someone died there
i hear that.  sometimes the classics are impossible to find.
oh awesome, that is great!
just play it safe
i hope you do get to try it soon. be sure to let me know how it is!
wonder if it has to do with his diet?
okay, i see. that must be hard.
ha, that is too funny.
you must be so proud of him!
that sounds pretty serious, glad she is okay now!
cats are always getting into things and causing destruction.
sounds like you have a good plan. i wish you the best
oh ok! the gift was a good idea so that you ca watch it as much as you want'
well, at least you did something good for that co-worker and most probably he feels indebted toward you
yeah, i can imagine. at least it is only one week!
i am sure you will create a beautiful house.
that is so sad. i had a dog die unexpectedly and it tore me up.
well that is good of you.  do you think homelessness is due to mental incapacities?
oh my, did you have a good time?
no i have not. i would never participate in that either. my wife and i are extremely happy together.
i may have to check that out as well.
yes, the first years of a baby's life, the mother pretty much spends entirely with them. the husband is kind of left out in the cold.
we have always moved frequently with my husbands job but my parents usually end up following us. now that we are fulltime rvers, they do not follow. i miss that sometimes. i am glad you have your mom close! cherish those times!
i bet. i live about 20 minutes from a real town, which is far enough for me.
you are going to love it 
you should be, not everyone can really be that dedicated about something.
well that is very nice of them to do!
pamper him all the way up until you get some lavish vacation! loooool  i am joking, partially! happy for you guys tho! 
what is your field of work?
not yet but i think once i have the skill for it i will defenetly will.
i can understand that. i actually broke up with a previous girlfriend over the same type of thing.
did you all do some fun things while he was there?
can you buy two next time and have one in reserve?
that is awesome! i have been wanting to do the same actually. i hope you have a fabulous time in your new place and new job!
maybe he has the crush on her?
that sounds awful. how is he feeling?
that is seriously one of the best presents ever.  i am happy for you! 
summer semesters are difficult. i did them too. best of luck to you!
always nice to have memories of the good old days.
haha, sounds very sweet though. 
i never listen to those warnings either, but now i will have second thoughts.
congratulations! what did you name her?
oh boy.  i would confront them kindly and tell them you would like to reach a solution without there being a fight or problem.  those situations are never fun. sorry.
yes, i could understand how it could be very fearful. it is quite scary to be woken up that way as well.
it is got to be so exciting though! 
that is quite impressive! you must be very proud of your work!
that sounds like a good neighbor. i hope that your home was not damaged.
that is a great degree for the future and getting a job.  good luck to him.
disney world too, i have always wanted to go! i hope you guys have a wonderful time!
lol i can imagine
oh yea exactly
i believe he will pay somehow. they call it karma
it is great that you had an rv to stock and pack more things.  glad to hear the storm missed you!
that is awesome. i am sure you will return the favor one day.
well, hopefully they still have a good time.
all the best buddy enjoy the celebrations
it is, i feel for you! i had a relative that progressively got worse and its extremely difficult  
how fun! i wonder how they knew.
then i am sure you will do well.
that is impressive! i hope he is proud too!
that makes it very difficult, and hard not to get your hopes up
he did not even call to let you know whats going on?
that is a very kind thing to say! i appreciate that
it seems like that but it is not true. you have to be patient and you will find your love one day.
 i am glad it all went well! it seems that sometimes when you are extremely nervous it can make time pass quickly too. 
try going to the park then. you could run into someone that is into you.
lol i know the feeling! and being a parent i now understnd
most def, i love playing hold em
maybe you can go see a doctor and he can help you with your fear.
it is a classic, even my kids enjoy playing it.
that makes the situation worse when your expectations are through the roof
well, i hope she gets home soon, to make the home, a home again!
that is definitely a factor, sometimes i forget about some of my nephews even exist.
i am sure i would have done the same thing! but stay strong, many people have beaten cancer! keep a positive attitude and stay by her side!
agreed! its a shame growing up how fast you wanted to be an adult
is your car still drivable?
yep! or if you are house will be hit.  many possibilities with tornadoes!
it much be a huge weight off of your shoulder
i am sorry to hear about that! i hope everything gets better for you!
yea, he will definitely get caught
eww that is disgusting, and makes it worse it was a poisonous snake
i am sorry to here that, but life goes on and tomorrow is another day. we just have to make the best with what we are given. you will get through this.
i think with time you will get used to it.
what does he do for his job?
that makes sense!  i am sure he will be there for you!
i bet you have more energy and more confidence for sure!
awesome. i have got you beat by 1 year. you know i just read the average couple from the time to meet to the time the ends things is 6 years. if you make it past that it will probably last for every. 
maybe i should buy some. i never win either. its about time
that is infair
that is what matters most, that you had a good time and made memories!
you are welcome. i wish you the best in the new position.
i can understand that!
does he get any nights off?
oh wow! how exciting! i cannot wait to come visit you there so you can show me the sights!
do you smack the women who do it?
yeah me too. i prefer the first three. they are very different from the others. 
i am sorry, that must be pretty rough on you!
that is a long time
thats good of you
haha . i remember a time i was in vegas i was scared to go on this really high ride
wow that is great, congrats!
that sounds like a great time.
that is pretty fancy! does it have all the bells and whistles?
it is like $5 for new clothes, good quality a lot. great! yes it is a lot to buy clothes for ever growing kids
she could drop her from the class and give her an f!
i understand that! when i am ready to go- i just want to hurry up and go. i hate sitting around waiting too. maybe you should make her wait and see if she likes it. lesson 
can you see him before he goes?
well i hope yours work out as well. focusing on the goals of others probably gives you a lot of inspiration.
and they do not have a voice of their own.
ah, well you earned it!
wow then.. do you have any special plans to celebrate ?
we need more people like you in the world.  theres always someone out there who needs a helping hand and could use a friend.
everyone is always fighting over these things, it is a sad thing to see.
hope you had good time after your work!
i hope you find a new puppy love soon.
that is awesome!  i hope he got a good raise
you are very empathetic then! i hate seeing animals suffer as well.
that is cool! did you end up keeping up with them after you left?
 i am so sorry, pets are like children 
poor baby. i remember my kids teething too. it was horrible
i am not looking forward to it when i have a kid! i cannot function without a good 8 hours of sleep.
i have never left the us. i have never been north of kentucky.
that sounds good. i bet it was fun to hangout and eat with your friend.
some people should not be allowed to drive! we were rear ended 2 times last months! can you believe that
hey, i cannot sleep without socks. it is no big deal.
they get to enjoy themselves and have a good time!
good thing, you have to be prepared for those situations
yea i feel you. at the end of the day you cannot blame the cat. it did not do this on purpose.
oh well i was starving..i just rinsed it out with some mouthwash and ordered a big pizza
i wonder if that is a common thing? it is very relaxing.
i am so sorry but you will get there in time.
wow, check out mr. moneybags over here! that must have been a real thrill though.
that sounds like a lot of fun! i wish i would have seen it!
end of friendship.
that is ok, it happens to the best of us!
oh enjoy dude
it is good that you worked hard on it. i hope you get a raise or a bonus for your labor!
did you make the party anyway?
i am going to always take care of my kids like that
that is sweet
yeah we had a hard time today
i probably wouldve cried
stick to your routine next time
oh no, throw it away!!
that sounds very strange
wow, well i hope you guys get it this year then!
wow, good for you guys!
that is young, i wish someone had helped you!
that was very altruistic of her! 
ah ok i undestand.
good for you, best of luck!
maybe you can transfer after a bit ?
i understand! i would feel the same way.
oh you are right, it has. i hear about it more and more
i feel you. you will just have to go as often as possible during the other months to make up for the winter time without!
that is very cool. my dad's an electrical engineer, actually. i am a cybersecurity major myself.
why is that?
you must be very proud of him! yes, i love to bowl with my family but i am not very good at it!
maybe you can call a neighbor or something to see if they see anything suspicious outside your house! do not hesitate to call the police if you feel you should!
phew, so they got most of the attention.
yes you should but when you feel comfortable do not feel guilty you are the victim he is a sad case you got this.
how awful! you are much better off staying at home. i hope you find new friends soon!
engineering is already tough. if you can get through this, i would say you will be very successful in life.
yeah that always happens, do not be hard on yourself as long you do great
i have not met a pizza i did not like yet.
poor boy. i hope he gets through it soon.
really that is a cool story to tell when asked how you 2 met did ya'll play online together a lot?
yikes, that should not be. i think you've really stepped up in this situation. hopefully they can see that and change their ways.
yikes! lightning did not strike real close by, did it?
that is good. i am sometime a procrastinator.
i saw a toy that they are bringing back from a couple decades ago when i was a kid and wow, it was so neat to see!
how long has he been bowling?
well, it should not be too bad. if you could not do the work i am sure they would not have hired you.
indeed. if everyone got worked up over things like that, we'd all be out of jobs.
man, i definitely have to go there. sounds like a great place for sightseeing.
that is hilarious, in a cruel kind of way.
yeah. i believe you are emotionally attached to it!
sheesh, people will take anything that is not nailed down these days.
are you thinking of getting a new car?
maybe you should take some classes to help you with that
ha ha. i feel sorry for you though. no one likes to clean the dog poop!
lol. they probably just laughed about it over dinner
that was so sweet of him! you are lucky to have such a sweet boyfriend
which branch?
well that is good. probaby saved a bunch of coins
i cry at least a day!
yea i can imagine it is
how much did the damage cost you?
i use the woods!
good for you.
i am glad you did. rollercoasters are thrilling and should not be missed out on!
im glad your family did that for you
i could imagine. it must have been amazing to see her rescued though!
well, i hope they can get you taken care of soon. i know i hate it when i cannot get to my money i have online.
lol i hate that
i understand those kind of situation could scarry.
i hate those as well
i truly hope you can recover from this major loss in your life.
good luck to you! i wish you the best
thats cool of you 
oh wow, that sounds like a tough job, but i bet you will be good at it.
nissans are very nice and rugged.
good job, keep up the good work!
you cannot! sounds like a wonderful morning!
i will keep my fingers crossed that you won
that is really fantastic!  i am glad to hear you turned your life around.  
i see. i wish i had a partner and we could go to such places together too. maybe some day hopefully
wow! that was really nice of her! what was the occasion? you guys must be very close.
sorry to hear that.  remember those who mind do not matter and those who matter do not mind
i feel you. sometimes its nice to veg out and just watch tv.
that is ridiculous.  i was going to see who might have helped you.  i am so glad your friend helped.  hope you had a great time!
do you like to watch tv with you doggies?
will you throw her a comeback party?
nice! it sounds like a really good bonding experience.
i totally feel you.  my husband as gone for work so much for a couple years.  it will just be a season of life and then you will be back together!  communicating even more than ever and encouraging each other can help so much.  you are doing great!  i hope you are together soon!
so did it result in a brawl?
he is lucky to have you there.
yeah, waiting for someone can be a real pain. 
puppy's are the best. i love puppies!
uhmnnn! scared of your cat or the vet?
i am sorry to hear that. i really hope you are able to get over this and feel at ease again!
i completely understand.  something that helped me was to have pictures up and also have a little remembrance each year with some other family that loved him as much as i did.  just take it a day at a time.
i feel you.  i have been in that position, and it can get dark.  but there is always people online to talk to!
work hard and maybe you could afford it.
that is a bummer, hopefully you can still talk to them over the  phone or online!
did you ask for a refund when you realized the problem?
well then i do not blame you. i would have done the same thing
as you should be, some people do not have anyone to lean on in their lives.
oh no i hope you stay safe
wow, she went all out, hope you drive safely and have fun with it!
that is really too bad.  did you all have a fight?
you should let them know you are not ok with them doing that.  if they are real friends, they will stop.
ohhhh.  yea i would be scared too then.  that sounds terrifying.
wow, did they go there on vacation?
oh no, i am so sorry to hear that. i know your heart is broken. did you try to talk to her about it?
why will not you be able to watch it?
that is great!  i am glad you had a good time, its always nice to have a refresher to get away from everything for a little bit!
congratulations! i hope everything goes well! 
ugh, i hate the regret that comes with giving into food cravings. do not be too hard on yourself. it was just one time.
it is amazing news. congrats to you both. enjoy your time together
good call!  i would have done the same thing!
good then you will do well!
i guess just walk away is all
you will do better next time, i promise
i do not attend school
that is good at least, you had some closure at the worst
what did you win?
well, there are not any rules against apologizing to your kids?
that is a nice gesture from you
that sounds like it was lovely
i can imagine, sorry
i am sorry you had to go through that
oh well, he will learn
why?
oh, well work can be tough too sometimes
i am sure she did
wow, how sweet of him, you are both lucky!
oh, that is awesome, i love those trips down the old memory lane
oh no, i hate flies
yes! and new opportunties for my family. we need the fresh start on life. i do not like living in texas.
i usually jog in the backyard, but not really running. i am too fat to run.
oh wow, that was nice of him
oh nice, its good to have options
wow, they do grow up fast, appreciate the time you get!
i hope they are
i hope so too, best of luck with that!
it can be hard, but you can do it
i get that, best of luck friend!
they will always have good memories of the beach.
she does sound adorable
it will take some getting used to.
are you the captain?
that is good. i hope it is controllable.
he sounds like a great guy. i am glad you have fond memories of him.
yea, i totally understand that. she won the genetic lottery there.
that is ridiculous, they should have to do something.
eww.. that is pretty gross. i had a cat once that would bring me dead birds too. i think that means they like you!
i hope you got some photos.
that is bad. you should have got refunded.
oh god, roaches. did you guys use the bathroom anyway?
oh my gosh, a plate! that kinda sounds serious.
damn that is impressive congrats. i took 1 class last semester and got an a
that is really great. it is nice when everything works out in the end.
oh wow. i just would've blamed it on whoever i was with.
that must have been horrible! i am so sorry you went thru that
that sounds so romantic!
that is so terrible, i am so sorry.
ah, i bet seeing all of the kids now dressed up does take you back to an earlier time.  nostalgia has a way of getting to each of us.
oh ok. we call them hole in the walls
well that is nice
that is very faithful of you, and the right thing to do i would say. 
that is interesting my mother has always been afraid of heights, not myself though.
did you get arrested?
are you still friends with her?
that seems like a weird birthday activity.
that is hilarious, my mother snores like a monster
you are lucky! who won?
what?!?! that is amazing! starting a family i imagine can be surreal 
that sounds like a lot of fun
that is not good, you should try to find an activity for when you are alone
that is right! that is such a good feeling, just breezing through a test.
oh, i bet that was frustrating. did you get evey thing squared away and taken care of?
that sounds amazing
those are good signs! sounds like you hit it out of the park!
wow. talking about cleaning up.
of course, but at least you can still afford it.
that is a good hope. good luck with that. 
as you should be, so many young people give up before reaching their goals.
sort of reduces stress,very crucial
what a silly dog than! she will learn to not do that again!
congratulations, again. parenthood is truly a great and wonderful experience.
we all need a little help sometimes
was it a good trip overall?
yeah, and so little you can actually care on instead of checking.
he is correct. but you should trust some people whom you think they are good.
wow what a crook that other guy was!
i am so happy for you. have you two thought of a name yet?
yes, i wish flying was a bit faster.
oof, that can get messy.
are you excited? do you have a name in mind?
amazing! did you go down rapids and do scary stuff?
oh i am sorry to hear that, but it sounds like he had a bit of character about him
i feel like that sometimes but people have usually seen worse.
were you guys angry or frustrated with each other?
be sure to get plenty of rest thought! its easy to lose sleep in such a time.
what a sad way to go. if only he could have gotten help.
amazing. just shows that you cannot judge a book by it is cover
that sounds terrifying! must have been like a nightmare for you.
3!! amazing
why were they doing that?
when i was growing up i know that my youth leader made a huge impact on me, so it is really a great thing that you do working with kids. 
take a deep breath and calm the discomfort .. that helps
i love that movie also. have fun 
was it expensive ? any student loans ?
well, at least a candidate that deserved the job got it. 
you should bring it up to your boss at work for a security guard to accompany you next time!
that sounds like a good friend, forgive and forget. she new you did not intend on breaking the baking dish.
i hope you find something that you like and are happy with. its really important to be happy with where you live.
it was nice of you to step up and help out.
you have to everyone has bad moments and if you cannot laugh at them, then they just eat you up!
i know how you feel. my oldest is in her sophomore year of college. 
what industry are you in, i find that a lot in retail and service
i completely understand think of it as maybe they are not meant to be apart of your life, you will find some good friends just be patient. 
so you prefer a pool to an ocean?
as you should a good husband is what keeps us women strong also good for you she is lucky to have you. 
its rare to have that! i have it now too. it is great to know you have someone to rely on and trust!
i bet you were
that is pretty scary. i am glad there was not any damage and that you are okay.
what kind of dog is she, and how long have you been competing like this?
do you enjoy that?
i bet. it is so annoying when people show off like that.
i would have blasted them on yelp
they can be really scary for people who do not like them.
i am not sure i would be able to forgive someone of something like that, it is really rude behavior.
i know how that is. 
ah. that can be tough in a relationship.
i bet. i do not think i could sit through a whole one.
i am so sorry to hear, if you need to talk to someone about it, i am here for you
people change over time, is she thinking of coming back ?
that is awesome, i am sure you can not wait to go back
have confidence in yourself and be stern about it.
i hope this continues for you for a long time.
did you guys get to eat the cake?
it cannot get any better than it already is now. 
just sit them down and talk about the way they are treating you
i hope he does not do it again.
can you afford to move ?
i am sorry to hear that. i guess at least if helps you know you can trust in the future and who you cannot.
you will be making more money
by now, wish it was less painful, hu?
my dream job is being born rich. its too late for that
i love sports. i am glad you got to experience that.
toyota is a great choice
eek! sounds frightening!
cheddar is one of my favorites. i live pretty close to cabot creamery and i love their sharp cheddar.
that is a bummer, i am sure he is looking out for you up above!
ah dang, well there is always next weekend!
what did you guys do?
maybe, but i think the best we can hope for is tolerance.
i bet it has.  keep sticking by with your family.  i am sure you are all there for each other more than you know.
i am sorry to hear that, you could make it up to them by going to visit?
of course! grace is so talented! she was on america's got talent, right? i get all those reality talent shows confused.
great news then!
ah, that is interesting you say that. i thought you would just be like everyone else, who say, "happy to nudge them out the door!" you sound like a good parent
who all went with you? that sound so fun.
winning those huge jackpots is always a curse.  go for a smaller win
yes, that would be a great surprise. it can also take a lot of stress off of you.
thats cool
yes you put all the places on it and spin.
oh that is a pretty good schedule. i am a teacher so i am off right now. it is wonderful. 
ask him to stop being a jerk?
oh, i am really sorry. that is for sure a challenge. 
have you only had to deal with one?
that is was so thoughtful and sweet! seems like you are a lucky wife!
 i am sorry it makes you miss your moms decor.  at least you have those memories to hang onto.
do not ever take her for granted!  make sure she knows you are thankful!
that must suck not living close to a beach. hopefully you get to go back real soon.
you guys should go out and celebrate! 
i am happy for you! 
aw, perhaps she just slipped up? it does happen even to the best of us
well i am glad you were ok! sometimes it is not just a shadow
must have been so nice, what movie did you watch?
yes that is true. you know there is peace in another place. he will always be remembered.
well money is not everything, one day it will come out and then the timing will likely be worse.
it is ok to be nervous, but do not let it stop you!  no risk, no reward!
that is horrible, you should tell the boss and get her fired
i hope she will be alright!  i remember how devastated i was when my last dog passed away and i was an adult.  a kids emotions seem to amplify everything! 
how much did you win?
oh geez, that is terrible!  did they run from the scene?  hopefully they left some information.  i was in a hit and run about 4 months after i bought my new car and i felt sick that it was already hit.
i understand.
oh god- do you live in the country?
that is a shame.  at least she made a stopover!
i wish you good luck!
well i think it really cool that you were able to get back into something that you used to do when you were younger!
ha ha, guess you were not the one.  that would've been crazy!  i hope its okay!  i am sure someone will try to grab it.
i can imagine! my dad is my best friend i would be devasted
oh no!  the ghosts are coming! yeah turn the tv up loud :d
that is pretty cool!  congrats!
you can do it!
also some kind of sound alert. you think you could scream for help during those times, but a lot of people actually do not.
nice! what channel?
that is great. it is nice when we get some peaceful time for ourselves.
yes, that is definitely a big change.  i hope you settle in quickly though change like that can be a drastic lifestyle upheaval, but it could also be the best thing ever!
that is great. why did you move?
i cannot stand that they should not schedule people so close together if they cannot handle that pace.
that is how we have our cat also how funny!  they are just irrestible at some point are not they?
oh my goodness!  how irritating!  i hope they did not call back?
that is nice! kids are great
that is awesome! now that i have kids, i have even more of an excuse to go out and check out what creative ideas people have every year.
i am so glad that everyone was ok.  but i know that was devastating did you rebuild?
oh good.. i was imagining days
a good teacher makes a huge difference in how well the child learns and how much influence the parents are allowed to have i hope your daughter has a great year.
oh i am right there with you!  the last scary movie i watched made it where i could not sleep that night.
yeah i bet.  do you still keep in touch with any of them?
well a good samaritan after all!  i am sure you were embarrassed, but also glad that you did not lose your purse!
well deserved! i hope she enjoys it to the fullest!
holy cow that is awesome!  that is gonna be a fun 10 days!
have fun!!
just seems so inappropriate and disgusting
sorry that that happened to you, i hope you are doing well.
that is smart. how often do you play the lottery/
cool. will you leave it there forever?
hopefully she will not do it again.
that is showing the christmas spirit.
he probably forgot about it already.
that is great news. congrats.
i am glad you are okay.  did you have the baby yet??
true, but better than nothing.
thats fair enough
that is what i thought when i did it but i got a 34.
i love tunica. did you win at blackjack?
did she find out?
i know what you mean but hey like you said, it was free.
at least you won something though. i have never won anything from the lottery.
sometimes you have to be the bigger person
yeah dealing with an accident is one of the most aggravating things.
did you buy all the essential items the dog will need? 
i am forever alone. however, i hope you continue to have great relationships and a great life!
i would like to see this vase. do you like flowers?
yea that is true
ah i hope it all turns out well for you all
they are very talented on there
yea those were the gold ole days
well you have busy, it happens
yeah, people can be unpredictable sometimes
yea i just take them away and let them cry it out.
that sounds like a good birthday.  i hope you guys have fun
i guess we'll never though unless something monumental happens, and we get another holiday.
be careful and do not go outside then.
oh cool, i have heard of it but never played, i am not too good with games.
that sounds like a nice job
oh well, it happens though, do not be too hard on people!
i am so sorry to hear that. what did he say?
oh gosh. diapers are really expensive. i forget all about that.
what breed is she?
that is a pretty good sum of money. i hope you start there as well!
yea, i am always surprised at how much i sweat the little things.
thats  awesome
is it far away_
i am sorry, any backup options?
that is very true sadly
i feel for you. it really makes life tough when you cannot just take a drive down the road and see them.
that is very kind of you to be there for him like that. 
yes, we can never be truly ready to lose our babies like that. i have been through it several times. at least they are happy and pain free now.
does your power go out alot where you live? it only happens a few times a year here thankfully
that is weird
i have no idea what a wolf spider is. it sounds terrible though
what class is it?
i relate, what is the speech on?
i cold use some money like that
i believe so too , if people are gonna cheat why get married at all
that is a silver lining in all of it at least! 
i have never trusted british airways. 
sounds like it was a once in a lifetime experience.
i have 3- i bet you cannot wait to take him fishing.
oh wow! did you get it all over youself?
i am glad you've put a positive spin on it 
cool. do you play football too?
oh yikes! that is a bummer. i am sure the employees see that kind of thing all the time, though.
that is super great to hear! well deserved.
are you goings going to stay friends?
i hope you get better soon!
oh no! at least you have something to look forward to, the new house!
that is just awful. now you will have to pay to have it repaired. 
that is nice.
ok,thats amusing
i bet you were full of joy and laughter yesterday! 
what a bad doggie.. hopefully they do not do it again
i can tell your proud of yourself.  i am happy for you!
i agree. i wish i could go back to school and pay more attention
it is amazing the effect something so seemingly small, like the company headquarters opening, can effect an entire town like that
yeah and the lanes are really slick.  that is pretty funny and maybe a little embarassing too.
i do too. maybe he will left you drive it!
having a reliable car really changes things for the best
cool! i like to rediscover old playlists i made when i was younger.
doctor's are good at what they do! i hope for a speedy diagnosis and recovery!
it is always exciting to move into a new place and make it your own
its ok it happens with every one
that is fantastic that you get to see everyone again! i hope you have a great time catching up.
it is really hard to stick with something like that. i wish i could do it.
you can do it! do not forget to reward yourself for all of your hard work!
very nice, i would be proud too.
that would really help if it was a permanent solution
that sounds more odd than what i am used too. hopefully nothing paranormal is going on.
that will be so great for them i can just imagine meeting my granson for the first time what a sweet time you are about to have.
i cried every year knowing santa was not coming to my house.
yes it sure is. did you end up getting the job?
oh,that was so hillarious
it is good that you are being more proactive about your health now.
i also drive a chevy and have had it forever as well.
it will be okay. you could also have the people meet you at the local police station. the police do not mind and would rather you feel safe.
oh that will be such a huge relief i am sure!  it is crazy that people behave that way, knowing they are causing other people such strife.
that is horrible! what will you do?
i try to never take anything in life for granted. 
you can always sell them as well. i live in amish country in pa and the amish sell blankets for hundreds of dollars each.
i can only image how hard that was before the days of smartphones! i am glad you were able to visit him!
that is so true and it is a good perspective to have.
yes i have a miniature pinscher, he just turned 15.
the summer is horrid. heat, sweat, mosquitos, rain, and crowds everywhere
i think it is a normal human activity. you do not need to feel bad
always put your school first, you will be thankful you did later!
that is a really good/safe first car.
well i really hope you are able to save up and get it soon!
i am glad that you are okay! keep your eyes peeled for terrible drivers.
yeah but also just think of all the amazing movies she has done. 
oh that is great! i have heard that exercise can really help mentally and physically!
dragon tongue beans! i have never heard of them! what do they look like?
i bet that gave you a good scare! gotta love dads and step dads!
i hope he gets that taken care of!
i completely agree! i think it would even help lower crime rates.
how wonderful. that is what is important and makes life meaningful in my opinion.
that sounds like a great time, one of those nights you always remember!
yeah schools definitely start things younger now. kindergarten used to be voluntary back in the day!
yes, you are correct. you can always "hope" for the best, but also "plan" for the worst. being prepared is a comfortable feeling.
wow! that is impressive and a lasting skill for your child to develop.
haha are you serious? did you move in with your girlfriend?
oh no. that sounds really stressful!
wow, i wish more would follow her example. that is a recovery.
that is real neat, i might check it out. i have only ever used netflix, but netflix is pretty good too.
aw, that is always sad, i lost a cat once and i assume that is what happened to her ;(
that is just horrible.  i think they would have to medicate me for the rest of my life if that happendd.
you can return the favor one day. that is what friends are for!
well i hope they get there soon so you do not have to wait longer.
i think there should be stiffer penalties for people that do things like that, for instance more jail time.
i totally agree
a week!?  that is just crazy, and pretty irresponsible unless you are a millionaire.
i spent some time there, when i was learning how to be an army medic. i really enjoyed my time there!
i am glad you did not get hit. i know how stressful hurricanes can be.
you are very lucky!
oh wow, i would never consider something like that hurting a dog.
i am sure she appreciated your visit before her passing. she must have felt loved.
well, it was a very smart thing you did packing those extra supplies.
that makes sense. i hate leaving things for the last second as well. hopefully you will not have to leave everything boxed up for too long.
it is a wonderful thing that you have someone to share your life with.
that one is a zinger! i remember listening to that when i took my grandma to prom!
 i am sure you did fine. what was the subject?
well yeah, that sounds about right. he has to go to the championship first and win, then party time !
i am in va. i have been looking into it for quite awhile, but i think i would be too chicken to jump out of the plane.
it drives me nuts when people are disorganized. my husband is hopeless i could throttle him sometimes!
oh man i would be so upset.  i totally understand!  i hope you will be able to enjoy your new place
aw, i am sorry. i hope you get another horse that can at least help to replace that hole!
that is very considerate of you, i bet he really appreciates that.
what was is your doctorate in?
*wink* *wink* 
it always is, plus it gives you some brownie points as well.
well, like i told her, it will grow out, it will just take time.
that sounds like an awful experience. i probably would not go back there anytime soon.
oh no, that is really embarrassing! hopefully they let you off easy since it was just an accident.
i feel ya, lonely indeed.
that is really common actually. there is a big exodus from there.  they voted for high taxes and now people are abandoning the state beacuse the cost of living is too high.
that is not bad, i was thinking you were doing it in like a couple days.
well, i am really glad to hear she is recovered. stomach bugs are awful they really take their toll on you.
ah yeah, that sucks. no time for anything fun.
well, everyone is entitled to their own life choices. i am sure she will be alright.
i agree, it makes you just want to try harder next time.
wow that all sounds very exciting, congratulations!
they are honestly just like children so its really sad. 
i can imagine! is he doing okay?
ah so you've gone through it a couple of months alrready. how much longer is she going to be away for?
they are really wonderful. do you have plans to show how thankful you are?
wow, i hope you have a really nice trip.
yea i am right there with you on that one along with snakes heh
that is so sweet of her and what a great memory to have! 
well, i hope he soon sees that is not something that he should be doing.
did she have insurance?
food should be made hygiene. we should not compromise on health.
what did you say to him after he did it?
that is awesome!  i love getting surprises!  
yeah dogs are man's best friend.
that is an interesting combination, maybe you should try to keep him out of the kitchen
awesome! that had to be a great confidence boost for him! 
that is pretty cool. i hope you win!
i hope it goes well! if it makes you feel any better, most of them are probably just as nervous and are looking for any excuse to relax and let their guard down, too. good luck
i wish i could go sometime that sounds like quite the experience.
i am the exact same way in the gym. music is a huge motivator for me. one time my phone died while in the gym and the rest of the workout was so low energy.
that is terrifying, i am so glad you are okay
that is absolutely horrible. i hope she has a moment of happiness very soon. no one should have to deal with that much loss. 
did you try talking to them about it? i can only assume it would not go well but you never know.
i am soo soo very sorry.  its so hard to understand everything surrounding a suicide so its hard to be at peace about something that did not have to happen.  i pray you and your family will find closure and fight for awareness for people who are struggling with those feelings.
it happens. hope your dog will poop outside soon.
oh wow! i hate when you get the urge to eat something and then you get to the fridge only to realize it is gone. do you know who ate it?
good on you!
that really stinks! do not worry too much though, things will work out.
you must be happy to have it back, those are the best memories.
awesome!
maybe i could come with you, i am near florida.
wow, that sounds amazing. i wish i could have seen that!
oh that is awful!
that is kinda strange. i assume that is something he will grow out of.  how old is he?
and just think about how much you are saving on shampoo and conditioner!
that is embarrassing, ah, i am sorry.  just play it off tomorrow at work! 
oh man! i feel bad for laughing but "literal garbage" is pretty funny. that sucks, can you report them to ebay?
that is good. i was never good at chemistry
buck up little camper.
i am happy for you and her
mine is the fall. halloween, thanksgiving..what is not to love.
hah. at least you had fun it sounds like
i am sure i would too. just be careful
i bet you will be fine. just be yourself
i am sure you will do well
what is his name?
that is amazing. i wish you the best of luck with the remaining classes!
sometimes things like these happens. do not worry. but playing hookey is a fun though
that is still quite a long ride.  do you do a lot of long distance biking? 
have the new chick there when she comes home
ohhh boy.  i hope you have a person or an animal to snuggle up to to help you feel better.
some people do die from choking, be safe!
oh that makes sense, well be careful
i am glad that you are okay!
hahahaha, that is so funny
do you have any advice on what kind of tape?
wow that worked out perfectly
well, i hope you have some really good earphones or that they quiet down it is a big egotistical to think that no one around you cares when you are that loud.
well it was an upgrade from the bank i had where the tellers were actually robots. i cannot believe the cost-cutting measures in place today!
does the machine is in good condition now?
are they going to pull the tooth?
that sucks. what did you do?
you are a terrific partner. you guys can do something outdoors next time, right?
lol how do you feel about spiders?
i see,  i do that too sometimes.  it helps with motivation
i have no clue. really i do not!
that is sounds like a fun trip or 8
wow. i would love to see something like that
that is so cute!
yeah indeed it must have been then
that is amazing, i wish i could get a puppy too, but my cat is not friendly
i am so sorry maybe you will have better luck next time.
oh, that had to be super gross! 
at least nothing happened to yo
well, there is always next time. at least you can chalk it up as a learning experience.
oh my! that is repulsive indeed! i would've taken it home for dinner. waste not want not!
yeah i bet!  did they stop and check on you?
woah now! i was not thinking of a speech on that grand of a scale! i hope you blow gimli's beard clean off his face and make 20 horns of gondor sound!
most people now a days will not do that. make sure to pay it forward!
well, that is all that matters! just gotta pass those exams!
yeah, it is always nice to take a look back and reflect on the early days.
that sounds amazing. all i have is my lowly senators sea level stadium..i am mad jealous.
i cannot even imagine the stench..did you make out with any buried treasure?
that really stinks that that happens.  are you pretty upset about it?
that is awesome! i am mad jealous that you have my dream car!
congratulations, all the hard work paid off!
sleep is just as important as studying hard. you can kill your performance without it.
at least you have a happy ending for that story.
that is really great, but i swear it was true! it was a whole 50 cents. looking back on it, i am kinda sad i did it because now i cannot buy that fancy fidget spinner at the supermarket. hopefully some orphan uses it wisely.
oh wow! that is amazing, i am sure that was a really touching moment!
wow, that is a long time! that shows how dedicated you are to your job, and that you deserve some time off!
that is the dream, to get paid in college.  i wish i could have done that.  congratulations!
that is insane! i have never heard of anything like that before.  you all should start protesting!
i lost my appetite completely! i will be sure to get takeout before hand if we ever go to another one of their dinners.
i will be praying for her, i hope she continues to stay in the clear in the future.
yikes. well, at least you did the right thing by passing that long, as painful as it might have been. 
sorry, just tryy to be patient with them
it is just that i miss my friends a lot with whom i used to play. i wish i could just rewind time and go back
awesome, that is great news!  hope you guys make a great tasting one and become big!
aha, that is funny though
yes, too bad he was struggling with his depression and could not seek help
that is great! it is so nice that you have people around you who care
i love that too! i try feeding everyone awesome!
that is pretty cool! that would be hard though! were you all able to talk a lot?
sometimes we affect people that we do not realize.
it sounds like your boss needs to be more considerate when it comes to his employees.
there you go, take victories where you can get them!
i see. i hope for all the best for you and him.
that is awesome! what kind of soup do you make?
good on you for being aggressive and opportunistic. maybe they found that to be the motivating factor to give you the job. i hope it is been good so far.
i totally get why you feel that way.  your time will come soon.
i am sure she will have a lot to tell you about her trip!
well, at least that story had a happy ending. it could have went much worse.
well, at least the dogs still have you for company. i am sure you will be happy when she gets back though.
interesting! what kind of things do you do?
well after a certain age parent's start to treat children differently
well that is good
i would have done the same glad no one got stung! 
it can be irritating to deal with this time of year
it is certainly a good enough reason to kill them.
that is exciting. i would never have the guts to do it so kudos to you.
i did not even think of that! that is one thing about tea with me, that i have never gotten into it because you get it and it is so hot, so you have to wait forever to drink it. you set it down and then ultimately forget it!
i understand i would be too but now a days technology is really good just make sure its a reliable hospital! 
never take someone like that for granted. they are so rare.
lol, did everyone around you make funny faces?
it is hard to lose a family member like that. you guys should take some time to grieve.
that sounds like so much fun!
loud running toddler who pitches fits at random times, day or night.  sounds like a similar level of noise :p
well, she will be back soon and you will have loads of catching up to do. i bet the dogs missed her too!
oh no could you call an exterminator?
wow, that is a lot of dedication!  i believe in you!
yeah it always gets bbbetter that is the good thing
nice. i hope you have a great time!
it seems like it is a lot of ruckus, i have visited friends who have your situation and i can only imagine. 
thats true imagine if you had! it takes a lot of talent tho to put your pants on inside out and still manage to button them. ha ha 
well you are really lucky to have an empty airport
that is great, i am sure he misses you and will be so happy to see you. he will smell you coming and know your there even before you get in the door.
yeah, he will be all grown up before you know it!
i am glad to hear.. weddings can be stressful
its the only way to get them to learn
i bet so that sounds nice
i hope she did not eat too much of it, it might make her sick.
that is a shame. i hate it when a place does not live up to the hype.
if it gets to be too much be sure to walk away.
sure,  i strong men is very attractive! you must be proud of him!
i bet. losing a pet is much like losing a loved one. it gets better but still hurts sometime.
well, hopefully he can schedule another time to come visit you.
i know that feeling.  i am sure she is looking down on you all.
oh man. so that was really a roller coaster then. i am so sorry. i hope you are not overwhelming yourself with guilt about it. it sounds like something you could not have any control over.
well, often people just give up and relegate themselves to just sitting in a chair and watching tv. even if you have to force yourself, at least you are forcing yourself. at some point hopefully you will see progress and feel it getting easier. once that happens, motivation starts to become real easy to get.
oh wow. is it something that you would do again?
i think i will need to do that, my tv is an oldy.  i am sure you will have a great time.
how terrifying. i hope you were able to find and kill it.
i bet you have a good shot at it! good luck
you should call your best friend on the telephone!
sounds like a wonderful day!
well that is unfortunate. hopefully you will be able to buy it soon. 
well you have to live a little every now and then. i am sure it was worth it, haha.
yes cuddles will help
yea that is a long time. you should reach out to some and see if they are on social media.
oh that totally changes things i guess, makes sense.
i am sure you were! those people deserved some confrontation for sure.
lololol the cops probably had a good laugh about that.
really! i would go even further and give them the electric chair. i have no tolerance for those types of people. 
i am glad it was not something dangerous. that would be a terrifying experience.
i bet he pays you in full.
ahhh. how nice. you are lucky to have such a thoughtful husband. 
i have never seen a drone flying around here. even in the day time
wow, i would just tell her its private. sounds annoying
oh no i am very sorry. what kind of pet? 
i can understand that, i think i would be a mess too.
hopefully no one was injured at all from the accident?
how satisfying must it be to have something like that ready to go in case of emergency, and then to actually get to use it? i am pretty jealous, and proud in a vicarious kind of way.
what are you studying?
i used to be afriad of heights too
sound like a netflix weekend then. hope you got a lot of work done.
i am so very sorry for your loss, i can only imagine that pain. i had to put my girl down 3 years ago and i promise that it does get easier.
that is great! i am glad you had a good time. i have never been on a cruise before but it sounds like i need to try one out!
that is awesome.  sometimes a second opinion is all you need
bummer.  well i hope you get a chance to do that soon!
that is not good at all, glad you did not have an accident. 
did you have alot of accidents that can jack your rates up.
i know that feeling all too well. but do not get down on it, just try better tomorrow.
are you able to do anything to prevent them?
maybe check your local animal shelters? sometimes they are taken there by people who find them. 
that is really odd.  i wonder why they did not have the courtesy to let you know that they'd lost interest or whatever the case may be.  to just cut off contact seems a little rude.
kindness is infectious.
that is really good, speaking from experience, all military men and women should get a degree.
oh gosh, that is gross! maybe tell the manager so he can make it right, and make sure his staff is doing things to health codes!
hopefully you were wearing dark clothing, coffee on light colors stinks!
oh man! i would have been so scared! 
yeah, that would drive me crazy. sounds like the neighbor needs to control their dogs.
what kind of pizza did you eat?
oh yeah, retirement will come before you know it, it is good to be prepared! 
teaching little humans will be such a joy. i really hope you enjoy it!
yes, that is probably a positive.
man that sounds really stressful.
that is great. my sister is an account too. she is also the office manager.
i would be proud of her too! hopefully her success continues. you sound like a good friend!
i am sure he is cool as a cucumber while you are a nervous wreck. it will be fine.
those were the good old days!
thats good. well you are on your way up!
that is a really good idea. he must be thoughtful to have cooked dinner for you and had it ready, unlike mine
hopefully its better tomorrow!
really, my friend had a tarantula as a pet when she was five, scared the poop out of me
5
that is an amazing feeling. 
yuk for sure
i wonder who actually ate it then.
then it sounds like you are already ahead of most new fathers. 
ahh, okay. yeah i do not know. it might have also been scared or feeling like it had to protect it is turf. but still, that is neat to see and not an everyday thing!
wow! you must have like every technique in your toolbox to go for that goal
yes i know, good memories do help. every relation is a new chapter in the book called our life.
ok
not sure. you must be very confused. did you crash?
well, maybe look at its lifespan? maybe it will die if you end up not finding it.
thats awesome
finding someone like that is rare. take good care of that one!
keep a positive attitude. i will be thinking of you!
man. that must've been really nerve wrecking. did you get any sleep?
hopes he continues to get better
i know it must be overwhelming you but coming from someone that is fighting chronic epstein barr virus and lupus, it will change your life.  check out hiv and going vegan on youtube and thebody,com and so many other resources.  you might be able to reverse it and it would not even be a concern for having kids.  you take care and have hope!
i have never played it but its supposed to havea bunch of old game characters in it
i am sorry, i am sure you will be ready next time.
i think you need to look at the bigger picture, though. someone cured a disease that has caused so much suffering for so many people. though i suppose to can be both excited for the discovery and jealous at the same time. the two are not mutually exclusive.
yeah i have heard bad things to be honest
damn well, he is gonna have to learn some boundaries with that.
you are right. but hey people just do what they want to!
i guess that happens sometimes, did you finish the game
wait, you were ok with her cheating?
you did great! family comes first. and you gave him your support!
oh, i see what you are saying!  did he get upset about it?  and you never know, he could turn it around next year and blow you away!
wow, that surely is incredible! even the accent too? and intelligent! the full package!
how dare you question my intestinal fortitude?!? i would watch out, friend. i may just slip some cyanide in your relish if i ever have the chance to challenge you!
that is good to hear. i hope i meet someone that will do that for me.
sounds like you are conflicted. she ran off but she is the best? are you being sarcastic?
serves her right! these animals cannot go around thinking they can poop on our things!
yeah, that is what they tell everyone because, in reality, they blew all the prize money on the very same thing themselves. i was pretty peeved that i could not even get a dime bag and the sleeziest of hookers.
oh i am sorry to hear that. maybe next time!
i bet! i hope they can find peace soon.
better to find out now then move in and invest your time. trust me it is worse.
oh i love apple pie with ice cream, it is such a good combination
how much did you pay for them?
yes that sounds like a wonderful way to sleep.
oh yeah that is a bit dangerous. candles are good to have on hang.
that is true but dubai is a bit better
you never know these days. luckily there are cameras everywhere.
oh god , that sounds horrible but at least nothing bas happened to you!
sounds good, when she got back i hope you schooled her on halo ?
i am glad you feel good today!
and your largest hardback book will protect you from a tornado as long as you put it over your head and sit in the hall!
amen, me too.   i hate my current job.
i find it very satisfactory to clean and vacuum i bet it will smell so good
that is great. i am sure you are proud and you should be!
oh yeah, i know the type. where they sound like they are having a parade at 3am. sorry you had to go through that. luckily (or unluckily, if you want to see it that way) i have a loud window ac unit in my apartment, so even if they did make noise, i could not hear them over it!
that is really awesome!  i am glad it all worked out for you!
i agree and time jut goes by too fast!
exhaust all options, social media is a big way to stay connected
that was really nice!  what a wonderful surprise!  this act of kindness helps to restore my faith in humanity.
well if you stay in touch then i am sure she will come back..but in the meantime try to take your mind off her or get involved in something fun so you have cool stories to tell her
no, actually i am under a lot of stress right now and i am in pretty dire straights financially. the only book i am really reading at this time is the bible.
that is a shame. i"m sorry to hear that.
that is so sweet! we have blue healers, they just make the world better.
well at least you had a good time.  did they do something nice for you after?
good for you, i feel bad for never helping out.
do not spend it all in one place
i am happy to hear you are doing better. if you feel that way again please reach out.
aw he is just a kitty after all. i am sure he did not mean to make you mad.
ah, gotcha. it is good to see that you tried and that you care that much. most people are too lazy or scared to compete in things, myself included. i hope you continue to do the things that make you competitive and interested.
sometimes the cheap things are the best
i hope she will recover soon. stay strong and think positive
isnt that where bruno is from ?
ok i did not realize that they may have gone after you were born as opposed to before.
that is really cool, it makes me want to consider getting a dog.
wow that was nice of her
that is sounds interesting!
aweseme.  i want to go skydiving sometime.
keep it up!
ooh, that would be aggravating. i guess there is not much you can do.
archie? marvel? dc?
thank goodness. i would be scared, too. you cannot really know whether a dog is harmless or not sometimes.
they are more powerful than that. more like an early 2000's computer.
ok, at least it was the right kind of cake you liked. but still not a good thing.
it is good just to have enough these days.
i have not heard of it, sounds interesting though.
wow even organic store? that is pretty cool
well, most people have intense likes and dislikes. personally, i cannot stand cigar smoke, but some people love it! i guess in your case, you need to scrape the food off the plate first.
what an annoyance!
it can be really dangerous too
that is true.  i would hate for people to be shooting things that close to my house, too.  do you know who it was?
that is a tough decision to make. it is good to try new things sometimes and i am sure the waiters can recommend you a nice meal you will enjoy based off your preferences.
i have never tried making indian food myself, but i do really enjoy indian restaurants.  i am jealous.  
that would be cool.  hopefully the hard work will pay off
so inconsiderate! it reminds me of my neighbours doing building work one morning at 6am!
oh really, when are you going to go see her?
i cannot wait for the day i move out into my own place!
i would immediately start spraying bug spray all over. those things terrify me. 
definitely not! music is a great idea though; i listen to music on all bus rides and car rides.
very nice.  id be super excited too.  have some fun playing with it
shopping is no fun, waiting in lines is not fun.
oh dear. i think i will give it a miss i cry at the drop of a hat! you should watch a comedy next, just to cheer yourself up!
a rare one, i hope he goes a long way and maybe even be the next einstein we need
sounds painful, did you have to go to the doctor?
oh, do you have any revenge planned?
yuck!  stay away from that guy!
nice! must have made you really happy to see so many different places.
so true! maybe they want something or they did something bad and are hiding it
did you enjoy yourself 
yes hope you feel better
it is sometimes for the best but that does not always make it easy. 
i bet! look in too chlorella and similar to get rid of any toxins from the chemo
oh that is a very good reason to go, i am happy for you 
yea but it will feel better if you take action
animals are far better than humans, most humans have long lot their way and follow only their desires, i am also like you and i embrace it and smile 
oh interesting! kind of like pokemon cards?
hmmm i got an idea, how about when you come back you give her an amazing time? 
keep it up and i am sure something will turn up!
well if it is worth anything i give you my luck! i hope you win that mustang!
you really should! with things like that happening you could get seriously injured
wow that is pretty deep!
well that is good.  hopefully it was a good party!
that is crazy did you go return them maybe?
how long is a marathon?
good luck!
did you go back for it and get it?
fantastic ! when you get older, your memory tends to play tricks on you
that is awful! sounds like it might have caused you some trauma unfortunately.
that is unreal, what did you have in the bags?
i bet is was. are you ok?
that is really cool, i honestly cannot even imagine someone lifting that much!
are not you the luckiest? 
oh gross! i would be startled too!
you got too, my cats do not do that thankfully.
people do not realize that animals can get cancer too.  its more common than we may think. 
ha, i used to listen to that stuff back in high school. the my chemical romance gets me every time.
lol i have never seen an armadillo but that sounds freaky!
i hope it get's better! that sounded harsh
that sounds nice, must be a really good "friend"
well then. what a great surprise. it sounds like you deserved it.
did you tell them to leave you alone?
i know it can be tough but maybe trying something new or outside your comfort zone might give you an enjoyable experience
that is terrible. can you confirm it?
i hope you have a great trip and cherish the time with your family!
thats cool
i hope it does not get too bad near you
wow, did he get paid for it?
i like paprika in my mac and cheese
you will just make sure you have your nice new shirt on with that cool necklace and you will be all eyes.
ohh i see. that is super annoying. hopefully she gets over this phase and they get along.
i agree, which is why getting into that position can be so gratifying. hopefully you maintain that level of hard work that got you there.
sounds like a great time, hopefully its not too hot out there
i have a cat too close to me, they are the best
its quite wonderful to share your childhood memories with your children is not it ?
well i am happy for you
i understand. that is very stressful. did he started looking for another jod? it could be solution.
how old was the cat?
i bet you are so proud. i would definitely be
what happened after your car crashed?
i had that problem with a mosquito once. i woke up with a bite on the tip of my nose
yea that is so gross but also kind of funny. i cannot help but laugh.
that is the way to go! practice and practice until you are confident and then the real thing will be a breeze.
i understand.
it is alright we have all been there many times.
that is never good, i love pizza
i am glad you eventually found it and did not have to sleep somewhere else.
ahaha, i hate running too
sounds like you do not have much respect for women.  
i hope you have many more then!
that is awful, did you get injured at all?
well that is good. what did you find?
did he do it?  cause if not, i might have needed to give him a high five, on the head, with a chair.
i can imagine. maybe it will morph into a super saiyan poo or something.
that is too bad. well, on the bright side, maybe a hobo will find it, read it, enlighten himself, and get a job at mcdonalds.
you got a great husband
it is worth it to consider. i pay less than half in property tax than i used to.
i have been married for 19 years and we have been together 21.
you have been very lucky. you should keep their business card in case you ever decide to buy another house.
that is how it goes. i usually consider the money as a lost cause when lending to friends.
i have too.. to pay for food though. she told me that she would have paid if i asked but i am too proud.
i hope you do have fun!
same here. we do not know. he was perfectly fine the night before. we woke up to find him passed away at the foot of our bed. do you know how yours passed?
of course, but that is certainly not the most important thing in life, i hope you realize now.
that sounds really nice. i do not know my neighbors at all
i like self help, motivation, healthy living, and a little bit of conspiracy.
you want cake? cake is there? obviously you have to eat it!
why were you so scared?
sometimes i feel as though our generation (assuming you are a few years around 30) really got a bad deal as far as the economy, politics, and the overall love in the country is concerned.
it will. i am sure of it.
well at least they bought them out and they will not be homeless. still sucks though.
that does not sound too bad, it could have been much worse! 
i have heard some very good things about it. it does not come out until november right?
it happens, i think it is part of human nature. just try and focus on your own well-being and you will be alright!
you seem to be very hopeful!  that is great.
sick, congratulations! time to celebrate right?
were you messing with them, maybe? or taking their honey?
i really want to, but unfortunately my gamecube and n64 no longer function. also a few of my favorite games are scratched to heck.
same here. let's hope these good times stick around real long!
i really hope she does not do anything bad to you. you seem like a nice dude.
people make mistakes, it happens. 
i would not have thought it would be so easy, that is good!
understandably so. i hope you feel better soon.
wow, that much!   were you afraid to be trapped like those poor boys in thailand?
those always make me nervous too. i hope it goes well for you!
you could always replace it for them since you know you should not have taken it.
i bet that was the ride of your life.
i am a parent and i wish the exact same thing.
as a gamer, i would love to know more about the games that take that long to make. which ones?
oh. yeah. probably not haha.
i bet!  when i got to family reunions there is always so much reminiscing
nice, that is a good idea. good luck!
how old is she?
does he ask for money a lot or is this a first?
haha, that is true but you can also live with your feet on the ground!
oh no! i hope your coworkers went easy on you about it. you must've had a lot of static electricity.
yes at least there is that.  but it must be really scary to deal with someone willing to go that far.
of course,  do you feel prepared to do it then?
is it a "never worked a day in your life" situation?
that is lucky.  at least you made it home the same day.
i bet, although with chinese you can eat it again in an hour or so.
yes me too, it is for that reason i avoid looking and old pictures when i do not want to go that way.
it was a terrible way to comes to term with dead, i am so sorry you have to go through that.  i hope time have healed you.
everyone always looks so happy and it makes people around you happy, but i understand not wanting to be in the spotlight
i am on my 2nd as well. i like to think that we will do things more wisely the second time around. best of luck to you both!
and who was right in this case?  dis anyone turned it in?
i bet it feels good to know that you are helping those in need, too!
those times can help shape you and make you appreciate the good times even more!
ouch. new car is cheaper than replacing the engine?
do not worry, people will not remember within a few months.
i guess it is kind of fun anticipating the arrival of the packages.
i know how you feel, there must be two of them though, because my dog is the most wonderful dog ever too!
absolutely, nothing like unwinding after the work week.  i hope you'
yeah me too. i like that though, i like earning my way. 
well done! that was a challenge. 
i am so glad you have doctors that you can trust!
that sounds it. as long as you keep with it though, results have to happen. the hardest part of dieting has got to be the hiccups, anyway. 
i hope you can stay calm, you seem really well prepared!
that is good dear,congratulations
health problems can have a devastating effect on a person if they are alone, so it is wonderful that you have love and support.
have you thought about getting another dog? 
yeah they are! so that is really good!
oh wow, that is awesome. is your sister as happy with her husband as you are with yours?
hahahah!  i am dying!  i am glad you were not hurt.
the smithsonian would be amazing. i have not been to dc yet. i hope you guys have a great time!
that is very sweet. i am certain he is with you. 
i hope you are able to have a child some day. i truly hurt for anyone that struggles in situations like this. i have to aplogize in advance. the topic i chose was about my daughter. i do not want to make you feel sad. 
that is lovely,congrats
i had to squat in houses before. i am glad things have changed for you and for me.
do you often feel like you want to be in control? cause i totally do.
did you watch mrs. doubtfire?
that would be embarrassing!
wow. that is so amazing. are you nervous?
wow i am so sorry. were you a kid?
wow, going out in style! well i hope you found a good job somewhere.
was it a rough place to grow up?
i do not know what is good for sprints, i am more of a distance runner myself.
are you drinking 2% because you think you are fat? because you are not. you could drink whole if you wanted to.
oh. hahahahahaha. you go!
yeah, minus one for dogs
maybe you should just go single for a while and enjoy freedom.
i bet you wish you had that doggie bag now. my mom used to sneek food out.
goodness, i would be so upset, that is a terrible experience!
good game m8, pics or it did not happen
i have a chucky doll sitting in the chair next to me and it looks at me all day. now that is a movie.
i will totally have to try that, it really is difficult to stop smoking!
dang, street cred off the chains right there
why do you like to pay the bills, maybe you should just get a rich girl or guy to take care of it.
nice!  i really need to get back to the gym.
did you figure out what made your cat puke?
oh man! i had one when i was pregnant with my son. i feel your pain!
i see, you will find someone better
oh i am sorry, i hope you get the help that you need.
i am sure you wanted to get out of there as soon as possible.
are you trying to gain muscle?
jfk's speeches were amazing.  we have had a lot of great leaders in our country.  our country has truly been blessed.  
good to hear, have fun with puppies!
nice, he probably made you pick them all up too!
i see. is it your favorite food now? :p
well, hopefully your friend will forgive you.
i hope not too!
yeah, i  can see a dress like that can easily outshine any girl. the dress sounds amazing though.
i hope the problem was not deep in the enamel of the tooth since that requires a lot of work.
we had an issue with our internet for a couple of days and it was so inconvenient!
i suppose when you feel tired, anything can feel relaxing
hope everything gets better soon
if only time machines were real.
yea, like you can remember those times but things are different
i remember that feeling, finals week is so stressful, then there is that wave of relief.
oh no! is your daughter okay?
wow that is so motivating, thanks for that i really needed to hear that
no no, dont
and it has paid off. good for you.
dang! well i hope you have a stress-free weekend and be full of energy!
that is unfortunate, he is a scumbag. i hope you find yourself a nice and wealthy boyfriend!
that is magnificent! i have never played tennis myself, but it is a sport i have always enjoyed watching.
wow, that is really messed up. did you end up leaving them?
i wish we could go back to those days.. 
i am sure it was a very difficult experience. you must be a really strong person to have gotten through that.
i never even leave the house! i am the opposite of you!
well i hope one day your parents are more accepting!
aww, yeah i know what you mean. dogs are so lovable. i also have a new pup myself. i got him a couple years ago
i am sorry hun, you deserve to be treated better than that. i hope you know that.
cats are really some of the greatest companions. how old did she live?
that is good some things just take time
i am so glad you made it through
i agree with you,you will feel good about yourself being productive !
that is a shame. does your sister have a bad impression of your boyfriend after having dinner with you?
how exciting! i bet you will look flawless!
that is amazing!
that is good! excitement and nervousness are both the same, so it is very hard to tell, but it is amazing you are able to convert all the bad feelings into positive ones! good luck 
ingenuity like that will reward you in the real world. academia is a system, and if you game it, you've won.  
i would be devastated! maybe he will not do it agian.
well, that is fantastic. hopefully y'all will be able to meet up in the future real soon too. 
that sounds very relaxing. do not forget the snacks for netflix!
do not worry, you are wearing clothes now are not you?
wow that is crazy, i know how you feel, the best solution is to probably find a cheap place to rent out until it is possible to buy one. 
oh nice! that is sounds so amazing, i love watching lord of the rings every now and then, did you watch all the sequels all over again?
seeing old friends that you have not contacted in so long is a nice feeling. 
that is frustrating. you should complain to them.
yeah i believe that you will be able to, but never forget you are not alone! i am always here if you need some moral support
you would hope folks would grow up, but sometimes people get set in their ways, and become impossible to change.
that is really creepy, i would feel anxious too. i think you should report the to the police if you notice any strange or threatening messages,feel free to also call me if you need anything!
i am sure that there will be some differences, but i am sure you will nail it! just remember to be safe!
wow sounds like some inception plot line, you need to learn how to control the dream
that is great! all the hard work is paying off.
you sound like a great mother. i am sure your son is very lucky to have you.
you should definitely try! it would be tough, but if you have the determination, it would be so worth it.
i hope you are able to find some friends in the next semester then!
yeah sounds like a handful! maybe you should weigh your options and do whats best for you adn your family. 
not at the moment. i am too focused on bettering myself.
one day we'll find a way to repay them all the misery they've caused us.
they will notice how caring you are! do not ever cut yourself short!
you are lucky to have such a good friend!
i am glad your safe! those roads can be dangerous.
i agree. life is short and having these relationships is very important
 i am glad it worked out well. i bet your finally content with her being around other rats. 
i have not been in years! was it as fun this time as it was years ago?
i heard rats make awesome pets, i am so sorry! is your rat in pain?
definitely, i think so too, time and right care.
oh my god! how embarrassing! looksl like you will stay inside for awhile.
sure, it is never too late. and you never know what is gonna happen soon.
i bet you worked very hard on it! it will be great!
traveling is the best way to learn about other cultures. you are very fortunate to get the opportunity. 
let's hope they find their way to the top soon for our sake.
oh, i am sure. at least everything ended up alright though.
yeah, i would keep away from him for another 2 months or so.
wow, that is an amazing woman. did she rub off on you any?
oh wow, it sounds like you really love them. i am super happy for you! i hope it goes exactly how you planned. you sound like a good father.
yeah i bet. at least you got to know her for as long as you did
i am glad you did not 
i am sorry to hear that.  just knowing that he has you to lean on probably goes a very long way in helping him get through that.
it can be you, you just have to work hard for it.
oh god, that sounds terrible
why are were you scared? do not be next time stand up and ask your teacher you want to go to the toilet otherwise you will wet your pants
well, that is fair. if he pulls them, he has to be willing to have them pulled on him, too.
i can understand that. it is a tough trip to make, but hopefully you will be able to soon.
and how was it? did you enjoy it?
hey, i just had that one! what do you have planned?
well i hope she is there. maybe she will regret how she treated you.
i lost power in our last hurricane for 3 days.  did the wind do any damage to your home?
this is serious.  for me,  i do not joke with meat
you sure are a very strict parent.
then i am sure it will go well for you. what is it in?
ohhh sorry about that. it is well. 
it is going to help your family out so much i bet everyone is so proud of you, congrats you deserve it.
i am sure you will find someone who will love you even more than your ex did soon.
suck it up and get out there, it is the only way or you will end up very lonely.
is there somewhere you can go for extra help with that course? a tutor or something?
can you block her out, maybe?  get some noise blocking headphones?
i liked them too.
wow! that is awesome. i am sure you will sell soon.
you should defently and do not let this affect you too much, maybe she has a good reason
i can imagine, that is gross as hell
i can imagine. did they steal anything?
they do seem to be grown before you know it.  make you wonder how if goes so fast!
you should follow up with a few veggies later on maybe to balance it out. i know that feeling though. its just so good you cannot eat just one
sadly, i do not think we can ever be prepared for that kind of loss.
that is cool.  you are really so caring 
and here the job market was supposed to get great again. 
i am sure your friend will be understanding that it was a mistake.
i am sure they had their reasons, maybe you should give them a call and see if everything is alright. they may be going through their own problems right now. 
you should! forget about your worries, if only for a moment. you will return feeling refreshed.
that is good, i would be mortified if that happened to me.
haha, same for me. it is like as soon as my wife is available to sit or lay with, i am chopped liver.
oh he worked for congress? that is very interesting. that sounds like an awesome haul of vintage stuff.
of course! your dad is very trustworthy.
how embarrassing! i did that one time when i was sleeping in my bed and i thought i got up and went to the bathroom to pee, but i did not go to the bathroom, i peed my pants in the bed. 
the squirrels keep stealing the feed in my birdfeeder, they do trapeze to get to it.
aw that is super cute! dogs bring such happiness to a home.
of course, no one deserves to have their heartbroken like that. i hope you find someone who treats you with the respect and kindness you deserve.
caffeine headaches are no joke.
yes, just tell her your home is a safe place to talk. it is okay to open up in the family. 
neat! i have not played them. even though everything is becoming digital, i find there is something special about the physical copies!
sometimes they already have a candidate in mind but have to go through the motion..the same thing happened to my husband. your time will come.
you might, but i believe you can have a full life as a single person, too.
id love to own a boat, are you using it for leisure or fishing etc? 
that was a nice surprise!  i have tried lending money to friends but finally had to stop after never getting it back
oh, how awful! i am so sorry!
is it though? haha. if you can do it without falling down then you are doing better than me. probably a good bonding experience i would imagine. 
they do. i cannot believe how fast the time goes.
maybe something better will come along!
oh know! i hope you were not heading to a job interview, haha.
i hope you find something that gives you some relief!
haha i would've done the same. those toys always make me lose myself. they are so much fun!
because you were not in it.
aww, i am so sorry but know you made a difference in her life.
that is really cute!
well he seems to be guiding you in the right direction. i hope your blessings continue!
yes it does but we always got or memories.
yea, i try not to think about that though because then it makes me sad.
i can smell the beans and sausage as we speak. i always find after cooking i am never hungry. maybe that is because i snacked the entire time i was cooking.
i am sorry to hear that.  unfortunately, i know that same feeling all too well.
i hope so too! i will be sure to keep my fingers crossed for you! good luck!
hopefullybeveryday goes well.
i am so sorry!  i hope it gets better for her.  middle school is no picnic, that is for sure.
awww, that is awesome! i am so proud of you! 
that is so sweet, i think that is why she got better, your caring ways
yes i love cats as well i have one orange one and 4 dogs that get along pretty well all together
how did you place in the competition?
oh ha! i guess that is painful!
that is rough but you deserve someone who is willing or wants to make the time for you. never settle for less than what you are willing to settle for.
that does not leave much time for yalls relationship
yep not always a terrible time to eat out at least.
how old's your child?
i hope they are not using the lake for drinking water .
you are too hard on yourself. everyone messes up sometimes, even the greats.
what happened to the dog afterwards?
oh! gotcha! i have never played the switch but i heard it is an exciting console!
oh man, do not bail on your trip. try and get those thing that came taken care of this week. you do not want to disappoint her.
oh that sucks getting blamed for it when it was their fault.
i guess you can hang on to it, or maybe there is someone else you both know who can show it some proper lovin'.
understandable, i bet the had good budgeting skills and a nice job.
oh no, i am sure they meant no harm, they always say that they are more curious when they are young. 
aw i am sorry. i remember feeling like that and it was horrible.
what did y'all do? did you do anything special that evening? 
yeah, it is no wonder these animals go crazy on humans sometimes.
nice, well i hope you have a nice trip!
wow, that is really big! i hope you have a stress free move. i know it can be a little stressful, but you seem very excited!
hahaha, that is so cute, i am sure he loved that you teased him like that! i bet your classmates also had a good laugh! 
dang! i hope you make lots of money!
wow that is a great prize! is she able to take anyone with her or is it just a ticket for one person? 
i have seen that before. i have no idea how they can do that.
ya last time i moved i was packing for about 6 months. it is smarter to do it a little at a time and get things purged and organized. 
wow, that is terrible. i hope that you are able to catch them or find surveillance videos of who did it, because most malls do have cameras in the parking lots.
i bet! what kind of dog is she?
well that is good. i hope it works out for both of you, maybe you could give him some budgeting tips. 
i am really appalled at people these days.
me too. well i hope it is to somewhere that you like.
just remember to keep your head up and do not give up!
i can imagine when something unexpected like that happens. i do hope they are ok now sorry you had to witness that !
i bet you are nervous.
maybe they will understand.
border collie. she was great!
what do you do as a statistic
what subject is it?
that is horrible! i hope he was okay.
what is your most successful campaign so far?
i am glad your interview went well, and i really hope you get that call soon!
yeah but you never know , you may make life changing friendships so be patient!
that is right. there is so sense in deviating. 
i really hope so, i am not sure how much longer i can let my yard grow before it gets too wild. 
i can only imagine. i am so sorry. what was his name?
oh yeah, you definitely need to be prepared. do you think you will get a hurricane?
you are so lucky. some men pray for that kind of wife
you suffer from it more severely than most people i know, this can be devastating to people. 
nothing worse than a bad soda!.  i like the new freestyle machines, it is always just right.
it is alright to feel such sentiments buddy
that is great you have a sweet wife! 
fingers crossed for you!  i am sure it will be fine.  are you nervous?
yes, mental and emotional support is the best kind of support.
ooh nice! just start to save, save,save where ever you can and you will get there.
thank goodness you had extra supplies on hand.   my son was the hardest one out of my 3 kids to potty train.   i feel your pain!
that is so cool. i am sure he will love it! where did you get it?
what cruise line are you using did they give you a good discount.
is he okay now?
that is amazing! i am so happy your prayers were answered. god knows your heart.
damn that sounds good, honestly its fine every know and again. we all have a sweet tooth.
i love that age!  my niece just turned six and she seems so grown up!
thats great, sounds like a fun time. and you got to share time with your daughters which is awesome.
oh damn that is terrible, i hope it did not affect your life too much.
oh, that sounds bad, probably a stomach virus. those suck!
awesome, sometimes they can get annoying always running around and nagging you.
i would have been nervous too.  when will you find out?
that sounds wonderful! my body is craving something like this. thanks for the inspiration!
that is absolutely disgusting!
that is awesome. my son has a skateboard but can barely stand up on it.
well, i am glad you will hopefully get some disability income.  it sounds like your dad is not the type who expects to be repayed.  he sounds like a great parent.
oh, me too. i do not even like to sit in the waiting room.
i see, i imagine time will start to fly once you take up a new hobby, or school ends for the day.
at least you got to see your family for a little bit.
that is always the case! so annoying. i love the self checkout options. i wish more places had that.
yeah, funerals are really sad but they can make one appreciate life so much more.
same. i have a chance in a few years to go with the family but not 100%.
i bet it would be tough.  was there a special occasion that brought you all together?
 i guess you can just tell her like you told me just now. maybe she will not be afraid to tell you next time. well maybe,.
that might be for the best.  were they arguing about her color or something else?
yeah, i understand that. i live about 45 minutes from mine and everyone is so busy all the time. maybe you will be able to see her soon.
for sure! i bet it was nice to have the hosue a little more quiet too.
i can imagine. glad you are ok though!
oh that is awful and borderline abusive
you know today's events are tomorrow's memories
yum! invite me over for some fish dinner sometime, will not you?
so cool, i hope it goes well
that is so nice when family visits. it is so much fun! but yeah, it is a lot of work for sure. 
nice! i hope you get it! cameras are such a wonderful tool to have these days and there are so many cool options to choose from.
i like dogs but that is why i do not have one
sounds like fun!
i am glad everything turned out okay!
i would be scared too. i hope everything will be ok for you. fingers crossed.
you are a lot bravery than i, i do't think i could it eat
either way, as long as you feel a little bit better it was worth it.  i am sure you will do great!
not me! haha i love them all!
so young and ready to conquer the world
it is always amazing how quickly kids pick up on new skills.
i would assume so, since there has to be someone out there who robbed you of your oniony gold!
wow that is super exciting. not many people get that opportunity. you must have worked hard 
that is great, what kind of work are you in?
i know in some places, the penalty for hurting an animal can be tougher than that for hurting your kids.  nothing makes sense sometimes. 
that is amazing! sounds like a beauty day! are you english?
oh, that does sound like a fun summer. i read recently that we only get 18 summers with our kids- make them count. 
oh goodness, glad you got through is safe
i could chat with you all day! we have a lot in common- i feel the same way. keep chatting? poor rescue animals. 
i hope he gets the team he wants. 
that sounds seriously like a dream. i cannot wait until mine are old enough to start school.
i hope it flies by! 
sounds scary! dogs are very loyal creatures but can cause a lot of harm
very sad to hear. you have a good heart and are very caring, that is something to atleast be proud of!
yeah.  back when the only buttons on a controller were start, select, a and b!
sounds like a headache, i know the feeling. i got a letter saying i had a few days to purchase a purple shirt from my daughters school. good luck!
i bet they do! i mean they do go to school for a while and study hard, plus the schools are not cheap but they still do not have to charge as much as they do!
i have a husband and three kids, its always loud in my house
i bet, did you both get in a lot of trouble?
that is too bad! i was hoping that one was going to be good!
i am sorry that happened. do not do him any favors.
my son keeps trying to show me youtube videos so i completely understand
well i will keep my finger crossed for you!
i understand but atleast it was not poisonous 
i bet i would have been scared
awwwww. he sounds super cute! have lots of fun with him. 
lol! can  you run out and get another pie before she gets home?
i can imagine i would have nightmares about that 
good for you!
i understand. its tough these days.
yellow butterflies are beautiful. photography can capture some great images a lot of times.
i was just going to say the same thing! i am like "stay away!" 
i agree absolutely
just relax. if its meant to be it will be.
i bet
that was funny i bet.
that would be so scary, i am glad you are safe!
it is always hard to go through that. that is why i am wary of having any pets
i bet he sings in the shower everyday.
yeah, such a relief to get a huge project done. you must feel proud!
haha maybe you will learn to love it! there must be something good about it, if your sister has any taste.
i am going to visit a few cities and tourist attractions.
okay, i am glad that they were not angry. and i am sure they knew it was unintentional so do not feel too guilty about it. 
oh okay i see, i thought you actually lent him your car and let him drive around town with it by himself! 
if you want my advice choose something you are going to enjoy. i personally could not be a nurse too messy!
do not give up. things may not be great one day but they always pick up eventually.
that is good, school shopping is always stressful for me
for mine too. that was also i said.
it is only normal to want to live within one's means. too bad you cannot leave a tip every time.
well handle it wisely
when that is over then you can do you. we have to make time for ourselves.
that is a good way to remember her and keep her close to your heart.
yeah you want them to learn, but it is definitely hard to see them doing things that you might not agree with. 
i can imagine. when i was in the hospital with my 3 year old they lost all his vitals as well. kids like to keep us on our toes from the start!
pc is the way to go for gaming. that sounds like an awesome type of game. is it multiplayer?
oh mine. that is not cute.
got to make sure you take care of your self. it is scary when your heat sensitive.
you have to forgive ourselves. we do not need others validation.
i can imagine, but it is good that her hard work is about to pay off.
well ,i pray you get through it
hopefully she re considers you should talk to her about it
okey if she is no cause for alarm
i am sure you will do great then!
yes it does happen
i hope you getting better now
oh man. do not feel guilty accidents happen. hopefully she recovers quickly.
that sounds so good i love steaks
it is wise to be careful but suspecting people all the time may not be healthy. you need to build a good relationship with your new co-workers.
maybe try to slowly quit? like just drink one less a day
oh the wait is terrible.  what type of job?
lol! i am sure. do not be too rough on them.
i hope so! why are you stressed?
i respect that, i think it shows character and honor. i am hoping something rewarding comes your way.
i do not blame you.  i probably would have done the same thing.
there is nothing to compare it to. i wish i hadn't been waking from anesthesia in that moment so i could have been more awake. 
awww i am sure she completely understood and really appreciated you reaching out and going to visit her!
that is great. it will be wonderful to relive those happy moments in the present maybe with your family.
it sounds like a great experience!
yeah i would have been too. as a nine year old kid that is hard to deal with. 
that is a relatively quick recovery, fortunately. 
i am so sorry.! but i am really glad you've got those pleasant memories and the memento to hold on to so you can remember her fondly. 
cool, i guess the grass is actually greener in your yard now!
cool. well enjoy, i hope the weather hold up.
wow, congratulations! sugar is one of the hardest things to kick, i do not have the knack for it either, but still you are making great progress!
it will probably be where you least expect it!
that is awesome!  that is great exercise! 
i am so sorry that happened! i am glad she is okay, though.
i am glad you are feeling better now
oh no. i am sorry to hear that. at least you both survived the flight. 
haha good! i am glad that one went well.
ha ha! i bet. dogs are the best. i bet he missed you just as much as they did.
i did not know that about softer wheels! maybe in the future you can change to those.
oh no!  poor baby must have been really stressed out. 
that is good!  i hope she gets to feeling better soon.  the flu is no fun.
oooo!! that is so awesome! will you be in her wedding party?
do you plan on getting one
lol. well that is no good. cleaning garages bites. 
you will find some like that, not much you can do
i bet that your bosses will give you the long over promotion. i will keep my fingers crossed for you. good luck!
i bet it will feel amazing to have them cheering you on! i have a feeling you will do great in your race.
i am glad you guys had a good time. are you planning another trip?
that is awesome. i love going back to my hometown to visit as well. it is nice to see family you do not see every day.
how did he like it? how did you do?
japanese language seems like it would be heard to learn.  good luck on your test,  i am sure you will do fine.
so you were really prepared. 
sometimes it almost makes me want to go back somehow. but it is also important to move forward.
that is good you do that, i would be very frustrated too. that is really unfair. can you pursue legal charges?
my husband was gone all weekend buying us a new puppy, so i understand feeling lonely! 
that makes for long days at work. i hope they can fix it for you soon.
yeah, what the heck i do not remember my mom being so nice when i was a kid!
hopefully medical technology will catch up to where it needs to be for him. 
as much as i hate they did not go up in price for you, i am so happy that you did not overdo it.
hopefully it was just a bad day for him and he will not do it again! i have a couple rescue mutts as well. 
my ex programs for insurance companies and they all use the same, ancient language for their statistics. she hasn't had to learn anything new for decades.
oh i bet
you will be having fun in the sun. nothing like a day at beach.
oh wow, that can sure put a damper on things.
i bet a shocker indeed i like apples
that is good that it was a profitable  conversation! do you guys talk often?
keep up the good work, whatever your doing.
i can just imagine. i wish there was something that i could do to help.
that is awesome! did you show them to your sister after you found them?
ouch, what a pain that is! i can imagine, i would be the exact same in that situation.
see there is always a bright side. you got a surprise day off from work!
hey that is really good i am proud of you!!
ha! they'
i would be too!  i hope everything goes well with it!
cool! good luck and think positive. 
that was really sweet of them. glad he got a treat to cheer him up.
i am sorry to hear that. i will pray for you if that is okay and  then maybe you will get it, but if not, maybe something even better will come along.
i can relate. i do not have healthcare at the moment.
wow! what a great team to be on!
you must be proud of her. that is a lucky dog, a bark for each count. haha.
that is great i have pretty much all of the ones i had in my childhood, even the atari.
do not sweat it, it happened to me in my mid 20's also. could not even tell ya how or why, just that it did.
well then. kudos to uncle jeb!
i am glad that she is much better.
that is dangerous, glad that both of your are okay
now that is interesting, i wish you the best of luck.
well it is good to have extra food on hand these days. you never know what major event can happen.
did you recover the leg? and i once almost got my finger bit off by a snapping turtle, it was not a pleasant experience so i could not imagine hers. you are great for staying there.
i am glad that you were able to reschedule
lol   i think that even the people who like him would agree with that
yeah childhood ends way too fast it is great when we have a chance to reflect on them.
i have never been but would love to go one day! ah no what was wrong?
wow, how exciting! i also traveled europe and italy many years ago. i loved it! wish i could just move there.
haha that is really funny. i bet she was a special person.
i have been to universal and everything else around there, but sadly never during halloween, i have always wanted to.
i hope you at least got a severance package!
sometimes the lies get so heavy you just crack. good for you though.
it does take a lot of stress off of you.
i can believe so , hope you get justice, and a paycheck!
yay! i think shoes are a great gift.
that is great! did you get the job?
you do not realize how dependent we are on electricity until the lights go out.
that sounds like a really nice program. where can i buy some tickets?!
i had a shoulder injury when i last moved, except i had to pay movers and pretend they were my friends for a day.
it is good to dream. dreams can come true.
only if you are choosing that, over real tangible moments with friends or outside people.
take some small steps and vote in other things for people with the right values, not just pandering to the ignorant.
yeah that is a long time for a fish, do you have plans to get another one
i hate when that happens, they expect us to be on point every time, yet they cannot bother. i usually decline anything after.
i can relate. i have lost whole essays for the same reason. i had to call in sick for school because of it.
yea me too it sucks
you could have a tear on your eye. you really should get it checked out 
magic is such a cool thing. that suspension of belief.
that is great! i hope you do well and get the job. good luck!
that is always good, have one for me!
that is wonderful. it is nice to have someone in life who cares for your well being.
awww! i know they miss you, too. i hope you are finding some fun with living on your own too!
ohh well that is good for you. these kind people always help in difficult times.
thats a great feeling
ohh good for you. you two are made for each other!
thats always super
yeah i bet. but atleast you have the memorys
well it is not hard to build a mailbox i am sure you can do it
thats great
that is awesome! i bet your happy about that
oh, i see! what a lovely surprise though. what did you do with her litter?
that is nice of her!
poor guy was just nervous, i am sure the more you take him the more he will venture away from you and have some fun!
all is well that ends well, especially with family they gotta give ya do overs.
yeah you will improve yourself and feel good about it
i bet it did
haha that;s rare when it comes to mechanics.
im sure he appreciates having you around though
i am sure you will do a favor for them in the future.
yeah, me either. hopefully they regret what they did and are able to learn something from this.
college was pretty laid back for me, i did a lot of online classes.
you will, and that is what gives us the strength to face tomorrow!
i have heard some people place theirs in a bowl near the front door as soon as they come home, or they stick it in the fridge with their lunch. silly things to make sure they can keep it together.
oh dear. maybe he is a loner and does not like friends.
mine has too. i think you did the right thing by not getting involved.
that is neat. you must trust him a lot given his track record of making money!
that is awesome! it is for running?
that is so awesome.  did you have fun? and more important, are you a pilot now?
i love the 90's also, best decade in my opinion!
yikes, i am sorry to hear that.  that sounds horrifying!
well, i bet your friend had a good time with you being there. sometimes we have to make sacrefices for those we care about.
i am sorry you feel lonely.  my wife says she ofens feels the same way.  i know your husband misses you awfully while he is away.  i love having chats with my wife every day when i am gone.
you got this! 
that is a positive at least, good luck on the move!
that is so sad! what on earth is a dog doing around a highway?! that just breaks my heart. 
same thing happens to me. i sometimes faint at the sight of a needle! its good that your experience went well! now you will not be nervous anymore. 
that is so sweet of him. its definitely the little things. 
woo! congrats on that! that is always a nice surprise. what do you do?
yeah he sounds amazing.  sorry for your loss friend
well, if i were you, i would keep it up, whether or not my spouse laughed at me, or a new girlfriend/boyfriend, whatever. it is not childish to me. life is stressful enough. let us snuggle what we want.
that is so sad, i do not even know what to say!
yeah, that is illegal i think, they need to at least knock or ring the door bell!
no doubt it will take time to process. i wish your family the best. stay strong my friend.
must be nice, got any nice snacks?
i think nowadays employers just want experience. so it should be easier once you have that. 
sorry to hear that. hopefully you are not seriously hurt! 
i love chicken noodle, he must be so grateful.
i am sure it was not as bad as you think. 
dang! i hope you have successful meeting then!
that is sad. i hope you are ok.
you must have feelings for him that are lingering.
as you should. you must have good teachers too!
that sounds terrible, i hope you did not cry alot.
yeah.  that is awesome that you do that though.  makes for some special moments with your daughter and teaches her stuff.
hopefully she knows how much this means to you.
omg that is amazing, good on him! you must be so proud
that is really painful, i hope everything becomes better soon.
aerospace engineer that sounds very interesting. hopefully he will stay focused and reach his goals.
i know! i am sure you were able to recharge your batteries 
that sounds great. does he travel often?
sounds like you have a good relationship. i hope when i get married it turns out just as good.
that sounds so cute
i hope you do well and excell
i do not get people sometimes. who does that that sort of thing.
haha, i am sorry you were so upset for nothing!  but it is so great that she loves school.  i hope she loves learning her whole life.
that is all that matters, its about the love.
wow, it is terrible.
no that is scary stuff.
that is always difficult.
 i am bad at giving advice especially to people i do not know.  i am the opposite.  i am too mellow. and that sometimes gets me in trouble.
i hope you are not still scared of your shadow?
it is hard to see people and not be able to help.  you seem really giving!
that is perfect, a boy and a girl that is what most people want. congrats. 
that is great. in what do your colleagues believe?
jeez. where do you live? i do not remember any state i have been to with bad drivers.
you will reach your goal. you just have to make small adjustments which'll sustain you throughout your life. how many meetings do you attend?
i did not know that. congratulations. that is so awesome.
of course not. there is so much paper in this house. i keep cards, photos, school projects. everything. we are not here forever
oh no, were you okay
oh it sounds like you are in a difficult situation. i hope you can get out of the middle of it!
i am glad you got a good part. i am sure it is a let down to not get what you were hoping for though.
okay i see well, take your time she will be getting her liscense soon
i am sure you will get it done!
i wish my siblings were like that. we should be more supportive and close like that
man, that is amazing that both your kids are so talented.  i hope my little ones are like that.  congrats on your great parenting!
well hopefully you are able to familiarize yourself quickly. good luck!
 i am sorry to hear that. were you born there?
sick. i hope it is as fun as it looks!
i am happy that your mom is still around. cherish the days that you spend together.
oh that makes sense, well enjoy the peace and quiet!
that sounds fun!
eww,  that is great you took such great care of him.  
cool.  some birds should not be in captivity.  what kind of bird was it
congratulations! waiting for results can be very stressful everything's out of your hands and all you can do is wait.
yeah, i would be pretty scared too, but it is better to be upfront about it to get it off your chest
everyone looks good in a dress. just make sure to shave first.
creepy! i once had a dream of a lion laying at the end of my bad. it was scary but also comforting.  i feel like i could've touched it. glad you are free of those dreams now.
glad to hear you stopped with your wayward habits before the po po caught up with you!
awesome, i will check that out! i hear all sorts of great things about meditation.
how fun! yes i am sure they will have  a great time!
well good luck, i hope you get in!
i am also a vegetarian and i love cooking italian food.
tight. probably will not be able to do that again!
i can imagine. i am glad to hear he is better! life is such a gift.
that is an awesome goal! good luck!
i am glad it did not mess anything up and that your relationship with your sister is still in tact.
oh good, glad he did that instead of just coming down on your for not paying.  glad it worked out for you.
sounds like it worked out great for you!
nice, i am jealous of your friendship!
i see, did they ever find out it was you ?
i am so glad he is better.  is the whole family doing alright?  i know that can be really hard on people.
nostalgia can stir emotions. you will find something to love about life again.
thankfully, they are both okay.  dogs or cars, or anything for that matter could get them!
congrats! i bet that feels great!
that is the best way to handle those situations.
haha! i hope you experience no seriously ill effects!
i do not blame you, that is low.
yes! i feel the same
if you do not take care of your teeth then you will have a bad time later in life
that is odd, are you afraid when you wake up?
i agree. its pretty cool to see the changes. i never really got into going to the gym though. 
i lost my hearing for a few hours after though, but other than that it was a wonderful experience.
awesome! what type of music?
that sounds pretty exciting.
what got you into meditation?
meditation on goals and positive ideas during some of that alone time can be so uplifting and refocuses you.
i agree!
keep your diet clean and you will keep improving.
are you going to be sleeping in a tent?
the wiring was probably old and not up to code anymore.
that is very fortunate!
that is good.  if not for you, who knows what could have happened.  you must be a very caring individual.
if its important, you will figure it out
i think relaxing is very important
well, i hope you got over that issue and ended up making lots of friends yourself.
that is good. but still! you must be pretty tough!
that is good, hopefully it helps!
yep its disgusting
oh that is not good, i hope you were able to clean it up easily..
true.  i have favorite bands to that i consider to be musical comfort food
definitely, especially when you get really hungry at night. i love a good drive thru
i sure hope so, too! it is a lot of work to get it sorted out. 
ah. yeah, i am sorry you had to run into that kind of problem. it is hard doing a job you do not agree with the ethics of. there is really no way to fake it sometimes. but at least you were able to realize that and stand by your morals.
that is such a tough time, my son is teething as well
lol. exactly how i feel
i see, i hope it goes well for you. remember to breathe! 
you are so right! 
i can imagine, waiting sucks!
hahaha. that is kind of goofy in a way. yeah, sometimes nothing good can come of people trying to get your attention randomly in the middle of the night. that is probably the wisest choice. i probably would not be able to act that good enough to pull it off.
was it an awesome keyboard worth getting in trouble for?
yay! good job! he/she is going to be beautiful
yep that is one of the things that make it so nice
yeesh, how awkward is that.
i understand. sorry to hear about that.
oh yeah i think i have tried that one! i love anything by haribro! 
even if she does, it will help make her a well-rounded, relatable person. usually these things help ground kids and give them character. but maybe you are right, if she moves on from it quickly, that is great too!
that is super cool, i played a few years back but eventually quit.
well, that is just terrible.  i hate it when companies jerk you around like that.  i hope you will be able to reschedule it, although i know that would not make up for the frustration.
yeah more people should look at life like you do
i live in texas to so i know those feels
