Me too! What do you believe in? I believe in dragons... Just finished watching Game of Thrones. Man, those things are dope
That's cool too. That's how we began.  Seen lots of Turtles!  LOL
Just about to clean up my paints and and put them away for the day.
We've had to step in a few times when one was injured, or a mama cat died. But they are timid creatures.
Far be it to argue with anyone's mother!  Do you have siblings?
McDonald's? :) Just kidding... Well I don't even know where you live, but I'd say SoHo Sushi is my fave
I do, I have a family member who has an adorable ragdoll cat name Max
I have three pairs of boots.  How many do you have?
I do eat beef cuts like beef jerky and beef trimmings sometimes, but not very often.
yes, I use a few apps to check flights, but Priceline or Expedia still have the best deals.
That is awesome. My dream as a child was to play in the NBA.
Are there any other types of seafood that you like?
Mine only barks when he hears the UPS truck drive up.
Yes I have kept up with politics and all the issues that are going on today.
i do understand that it makes for better watching to have a really drastic before and after shot without all the gritty work details
I did yes! It was spectacular.
Very true. I wonder what he will do next?
That's why I stick to easier activities like skating instead of rock climbing, lol
you should give it a go , what do you do for work ?
Let's do it. Meet at your place around 7?
I heard Chihuhuas are evil.  Any truth to that?
Yep, see ya!
I'm sure it is. Maybe I'll visit too
If I have spare time then maybe I will give it a try.
Yea pets are so cute and provide great emotional support
Oh that is so awesome!!
I do not see my mom much, but I have a great relationship with my dad.
Nice. Metallica is one of those ageless bands. They bring together many generations of rockers!
I love the new mario kart! It is so much fun.
The old ones are always better aren't they??
Yeah, they are rough. Usually I try to just run through them. Some days they are so bad I can barely walk.
Mostly just lack of anything else to do around here, and all my friends were into sports at the time
Not yet any re-occurence of the cancer cells, though I'm single and not looking, I'm taking care of her.
I put on a flannel shirt, jeans, and some suspenders, and carried around a fake axe. A lumberjack.
Yes, I have a pet rattlesnake named Monte. 
I took drum lessons at one point but they never really went anywhere.
I'm out on the oil rigs. Where do you work?
I know Galaxy phones have the feature built in and it works great!
I started a few weeks ago. I'm a slow learner, but it's fun. 
Yeah. Do you stay in contact with any of your old Navy buddies?
No I only do it to help stay in shape and to keep my mind clear. 
you have the better ,more respected job.everyone loves the chef.everyone hates the waiter, judging by the tips i get
Those are pretty good! You should get one with a triple shot!
What the hell is alpacas? Did you make it up?
I do love the autumn colors and comfy sweaters, and of course pumpkin spice lattes! Should we meet there in say, 30 minutes?
i might have to check that out . is it a comedy ?
I'm more interested in the arts and theater.
Im hoping to work in film production. I would like to become a director!
Do you have a favorite Metallica album? Mine is Master of Puppets, even though that's kind of cliche to say! third time is a charm! (Its their third album) haha.
How long does it take?
I go on the road when I have to check on other franchises for my company.
If you actually look at the credits on her album you will clearly see his name.
same here . i just know a lot of people that actually is going through it .
Not without a lot of help!
well i'll have to let you know if that restaurant is a go!
It's called Ligma, I make like 800k a week
I'd cage it at night but take it with me during the day. Ferrets are canines so you can train them like dogs.
So do I.  Anything with avocado is great. I love the freshness it brings.
oh she's everywhere. she's gorgeous
Cool.
i havent had a bad day yet
It depends, but usually sappy
Yes, you need to check it out. I follow them online. It was nice talking to you. 
What kind of work involving snow? You have peaked my curiosity.
No, I live just out the city in a small house. I prefer the peace and quiet. What about you?
"Making a Murderer" is a documentary. "The Crown" is a drama based on the queen. 
i bet that it does . it takes a lot of coordination .
Oh ok, where is your family from?
There are a lot of misconceptions about them but they're definitely real. I'll never forget that night.
White belt. I've just started.
Absolutely. How about Paul McCartney's Christmas time classic?
I'm with you there for sure .
Of course! But who is #2?
I really like sushi, but I know a lot of people that aren't a fan. You could try vegetarian sushi which doesn't contain fish
Are you going to call your data back?
I love eating there as well. The food is always amazing and always up to quality.
Yeah you should go there!
Nope; can't blame them at all. Especially since my horses are very patient and good with kids.
I also know they have another way of storing power by use of pressurized fluid that's in hydraulic hybrids. They are also coming up with newer technologies.
Yes good idea!
That is a while. Do you work now?
I love that - Have you ever heard of "Walking tacos"? This is where you take an individual bag of doritos or fritos, and have all of the fixings.
Thank you so much. Is your mother alive too?
Recognizing the reality of mental illness has made life better for many people as they now have access to the proper medication and therapy.
That sounds like a good decision. I wish the best of luck to you and your son!
Thank you. Have you ever used a ouija board?
So great - well I hope to truly start my life and find out who I am in college. I am trying to get a full scholarship 
I think people though are naturally jealous so having a family union of 4+ consenting adults can be near impossible 
I am not very good at diving. Not like the mermaids.
Picnic meals at the park are the best with family in my opinion
i like star trek
Do you have any other hobbies?
You can get some awesome vans now that you can practically live in. The minimalist movement has really paved a way for that lifestyle!
It's still the principle though
yea thats probably a smart move
College is during the winter and I like the summer time better.
I should probably rest too. do you like cycling because it allows you to travel more?
its on my to do list for sure . i want to see the dinosaurs .
That sounds like a boring job.
Hopefully he gets charged with something. No one should be out driving drunk!
I know I would love learning how to paint too
Nice, what do you do for work? I am involved in the car business.
Yes, but I am not overweight and still a young guy.  I have many more years to be worried about my health.
cars are just a little better in the winter haha.
great
Interesting, I'll check it out! I've always found AI so cool as to how it works. I think self driving would make work life easier.
Oh really? Like Kung Fu Panda? ;P
Have you ever tried making a burger by putting the cheese inside the meat before grilling it? It's great.
Shouldn't be an issue, I think Wiz is also colorblind!
yes, I love new gadgets.Specially from the Apple store. do you use iphone
That's a great way to walk!  It's so motivating walking with a dog.
What is your profession?
oh yes, snakes are better than cats against mice.
do you enter races or marathons?
Fashion, I moved out here to try and break into modeling. 
I do like country a little bit but gospel is my preferred choice.
Please go and report this to near by police station.
Maybe things will turn around.  Do you ever go to the games?
I have a mountain bike so I can use the gears to make the ride less cumbersome but it still takes a long time to get there
wow!!! what sport?
I appreciate that. It's funny though, I was in combat, but now I drive a Prius, not a typical army vet car, according to some.
I love eggs as well. I don't eat them a lot because the smell sometimes makes me sick though.
I drove my Honda in the opposite direction as fast as I could!
ohhhh okay that makes more sense
5 eh? Good - that's my favourite number!
Too many people are lazy and look for the easy way though
yea mostly but I have been slacking off lately
I was hehe. great chatting with you
Australia sounds amazing.  I bet it will be really nice once you are there and settled. 
It would be cool to plan. But for now I have to get ready for my first day as a safety patrol tomorrow!
A Finnish rock band called Nightwish.
Thanks so much for the information
I do interior designing as well. I did some work for TLC and that included some modeling with my decor ideas.
I agree. I think besides a regular pool, the ocean is my favorite place to swim! Sometimes rivers and lakes are too mucky.
That is right. I like summer concerts in an open field, I would like to go to a Rolling Stones concert one day.
yes it is! extends your life
Jazz music is seen my America's classical music. Should totally try it sometime
Will you encourage your children to become nurses?
Usually in December but with climate change we could get a November blizzard!
It will get better over time.  Focus on your kids if you can.  It's gotta be rough.  Oh and get another partner!
That is pretty cool. I am learning also some gardening because want to do something creative with my yard
Hm, okay. I'll probably make a Facebook group to recruit members.
Probably the most insane festival I have ever been to was Burning Man.  Ever go?  It's crazy!
Oh gosh, the smoke is there too?  I didnt know that.
I took healthy cooking lesson. When I get married I will cook for someone
I hope to have a large family like that someday.
That would be awesome, always helps to have an expert
i dunno , i think we still gotta get on the moon for the first real time .
Agreed.  Lots of happy storeis out there
That is good to hear I would enjoy a night with some great music.
haha that's funny, he's a boss for doing it but no way for me. Watching him light up after sober october with the whiskey was great
Good for you, reading is like a universe, so many options..
W
Haha I hate that. I do agree with the text or call instead or doorbell
Sure is.
Yes, I have. It's really tasty! I like the gravy.
I watch some college football but not a lot.  My hair is blue and orange now but will be pink and purple next
Are than many... dialects?
95? That's amazing.  Maybe you should write a book
You too! I'm sure you will make a fabulous teacher and I wish you the best!
honestly it was boring! The hours are brutal. It's nice knowing I am able to save lives and help others
Oh I'm sorry to hear that.  We have one here that has been open for a long time
One is six years old and the other just turned 2 yesterday actually. How old is your bulldog?
Not yet, have you?
yeah! But I'm scared of heights, so I don't like it when they have steep drops.
Well, the library is a good place to start. Maybe the librarian can help you better define your carer focus.
rock music is great for listening to while driving! I also really like to listen to korean pop music because it has a catchy beat when you're driving.
I really enjoy cuisine from US history. I guess like fries and burgers and stuff :)
Just a little bit! Do you speak French?!
No I don't. Wow, that must keep you busy!
Yes! I can't imagine dealing withou it haha. Did you celebrate Halloween yesterday!
Bridgetown, Barbados! My wife and I are very excited to go.
It depends on the movie. Interestingly enough, I just heard a hip-hop song called  
Ohh. Haven´t you thought about moving? I live in West Virginia, USA.
Wow really? To see who? I recently went to see BTS live, that was absolutely amazing. I love any type of pop music haha.
Yes, my brother had his whole house off grid with Green Solars Energy. Great company and affordable.
You are quite welcome
I looooove long road trips. The beach is my happy place, btw! Nothing like relaxing w/toes in sand1
Oh no sorry to hear that! We have a ps4, xbox one, and switch between the two of us! I'm also in Canada - Manitoba.
how long that ypur going to gym
No. I don't. But I would like to. Maybe in one or two years. What about you?
Wife is at work, and it's pretty hot out today.  Do you think I should invite him in and offer him some lemonade?
You should - it has something for everyone.
I'm in England haha. It's so cold right now and my friends are refusing to turn on the heating in our student house so I'm freezing. How's Canada?
My brother served in the Coast Guard and he really enjoyed helping with rescue missions in Alaska.
Yes, I love to read. I wish I had more time to read. I mostly get books from the library - what about you? 
It's nice to have a land. You are more independent then.
Just my allergies
We have 3 now and that's plenty!  Two are already off to college and the youngest opted for trade school.  The house seems a little bigger now.
Yeah, I can't drink it and drive my moped
I don't really like gambling
Yes it is! I'm very excited to start college.
The south side of the city
we can only do our best
The season is early and lots can happen
I agree. The best thing about summer is that I can read my mystery novels outside in the sun. Do you like mystery books?
Is she living on her own now?
I know.. I have a kid myself so I always make sure that I have my phone on me no matter what
Ah, I hope you enjoy your time not working. How long will you be on bed rest for?
I love small figures and paintings 
that sounds awesome. I really like the sound of the banjo. I was thinking of trying to play the ukelele, I like that sound too.
So I assume you are in a different line of work than your boyfriend. Yes?
I love to read. I mainly just like playing video games and drinking a little beer on the weekends.
I was going to say something earlier but maybe you could be a model for my future stuff! You did say you're big and muscular.
I like the old shool R&B like Aaliyah, Timberland, Usher, and such It's been great talking to You
No my daughter. She just graduated high school with honors
Yeah you should go! Or to any lake/camping area near where you live. You would have a great time too!
Luckily I think tattoo removals have become pretty advanced these days, a bad drawing has to be better than getting another persons name tattooed on you though!
Awesome. Id love to check it out I saw a clip of one where people had social ratings
My roommate committed suicide two years ago, and I couldn't make the bills without her. But my parents let me save money, so I'm glad for them.
Thanks, you too!
Sushi is pretty good although I don't eat seafood so I pretty much just stick to anything with veggies in it
She's a calico, she is too cute, I need to show you some pictures!
Nice I love the Flora flower Myself always nice to have some great pupkins around 
That's sound like it will be nice sure You will find somone, it's been great talking to You and wish You all the best
I watch make up tutorials a lot, but I like ambient videos as well. Do you ever watch those? 
You too :)
Me either. What is your favorite genre of movies?
Well I suppose there is a learning curve. Bread is probably best to start with
Not to long I just started actully writing My stories down on paper as I can come up wth they whole story in my head 
I've heard great things about Reddit but have never actually signed up myself!
All sorts, it depends on my mood that day.
Will check them out, Thanks take care:)
I don't think my mom would let me get the clear braces you're talking about. Probably just to embarrass me.
Nice and cool inside any Tv shows you want to catch up on, I can't wait for Sunday and watch Power
I'll have to check it out
It's on my bucket list of things to try. A friend I used to work with had a daughter who owned a horse.
The university provides me accommodation for a reasonable price. We get discounts for the gym it's still quite expensive. I might take up running instead.
Pro skater to dental assistant? That's quite the change!
Mario Kart is the best! I'm a terrible driver though!
you are right ! thanks for chatting with me ! and good luck !
You're welcome. :)
I cant say that I blam u for that one.  Cats r much beter company
last show I watched was Black Adder, was my fav as a kid, you?
I loved his song Starfish & Coffee when I was little. Do you like any of his newer songs?
sorry, I like taking photos
yes. but a good one . not a scam. you have to wach for them.
Well, I don't think it's necessary if you don't have a gluten allergy or celiac's disease. I've heard it can lower blood sugar for diabetics though.
I have never played Destiny. I heard mixed reviews about it. But I'm sure it is not as bad as eating broccoli!
i am so glad the NBA season just started, who are you rooting?
my friend went there and he loved it , so that enticed me to go
That's great. I like to ride my bike when i am not mushroom hunting 
Mina's market. It's local. Her pies are to die for. The line is always long. 
good
A very sophisticated taste. Currently, I love Taylor Swift. (Don't Laugh!) 
Absolutely. Politics and law go hand in hand. I love a good debate. Do you have lawyers in your family?
Me too, I love taking my nephews for a walk and watching them explore the outside world.
ha oh no! I love cooking. Did you get food poising? 
Beaux and Gumbo, I live in south louisiana. I've tried to give them some pickles that have fallen on the ground, they licked them and ran away.
Do you find it easy to teach them the correct technique? I'm a big soccer fan!
Wow for sure! I'm in England so Brexit has been all over the news every day haha. Anyway I wish you luck with it!! :)
It must take a lot of patience to be able to teach new people to play! I tried to teach my grandson, but he just didn't want to listen haha
Sadly, I can only read about Chinese history in English, but I can speak the other languages. They are so fun1
Hello from across the pond then! I'm in the UK 
that sounds pretty good, I'll have to try that later!
I am not studying at university anymore, I am middle age already and have a full-time job
Oh that's great. What type of books do you like to read?
I had one when I was little, his name was snowstorm since that's what he reminded me of but my uncle let him run away
i appreciate that
I agree. You are definitely more out in the elements on a bike.
My kids use the crayons on the walls. My boyfriend says its okay cause we can always paint them but they're only little once.
thank you , i will , you have a wonderful day too !
I like to collect empty liquer bottles
Oh! Ok! At what time do you have to take it? early morning?
You too! Thanks!
Well, things change! Hopefully, you will pay off all those loans soon!
I'm so used to it that if I didn't hear it I probably would go insane. 
I hear that. I have two of my own and caffine is definatly a requirement
haha no! that is not cool! he needs a job asap. And yes! of course. You?
It might be, i'm not sure to be honest. 
not long if you buy eggs already pickled. maybe 20 minutes. if you pickle them your self you will need to plan way ahead of time like a week
Good, remember to practice it all stages of life
Whats that movie about ?
Do you have breakfast for lunch or even dinner often?
It was called "Li's Magic Noodle House" or something. 
I'm sorry to hear about that. I lost my father sixteen years ago but my mother, grandmother, and I are very close.
It does not matter. There is something magical and relaxing about the piano.
Still can't believe you went to Philly. You got your dream team.
It mutates a lot! I hope that they will at some point. We have to be careful with all these mutations though.
That's a great talent! I wish that I could paint!
I can't imagine how stressful that must be. It must be very rewarding. 
Oh I understand. I just can't even imagine how great the good there must be!
i felt angry about it . but that was then and this is now .
Do they all sleep together?
that sounds very helpful ! are you planning to be a chef ?
yes that sounds like a great idea ! you are very creative. 
I always liked drawing animals too - I used to go to the zoo and sit and draw the animals.
oh yes i can imagine .
Yeah, I was always able to get by with just watching/listening to the lectures.  Photographic memory.
That's amazing! That requires so much athleticism. 
Yeah, I'm sure.  But a working for a good cause is meaningful and rewarding - I couldn't imagine having a boring, meaningless job.
Wheel of Time is the top one for me, But I also like most of the Brandon Sanderson Novels I've read too. Particularly the Cosmere stuff.
Absolutely.  We love helping build community.
I'll have to check it out - thanks!
I love southern rock, though it's rare to get time away from my studies... who are you seeing on sunday?
Truly! I prefer a smaller venue setting as opposed to Music Festivals though, how about you?
Yes, I've returned to the Church, and have been attending weekly Biblical Counseling sessions - they've helped.
Internet can teach some basics even far from home.
Those plans sound lovely! 
Yeah - anytime I can be efficient, I am.  I have kids and there's a lot that I want to do before I die - like skydive.
Yes, I find KPop goes well with warming up Vienna sausages
I also budget like you! I use freezer ziplock bags so its easy and doesn't take much space. I let them thaw while I'm at the gym or work.
Still life is a fine start!  Maybe your partying math friend should consider painting.
i'm an opera fan myself, but music is therapeutic.
i started taking painting classes recently. Outdoor art would be a fun thing to try!
Oh she doesn't like it when the dog dies. Growls at the screen.
Probably not old enough to be antique yet but my dream car would be a 85' Chevy Silverado
I don't mess witht he cat fish myself.. those barbs can be brutal!  you're pretty brave to do that bare handed imho
That is one of the tunes that is on the gold record flying out of our solar system on the Voyager probe.
Nice, I go to Palm Bay all the time to shop and hangout! 
I like listening to classic rock most of the time. It's my favorite era of music.
oh i drive an aston martin pickup truck
That is so true! I think social media has helped spread a lot of awareness about how widespread the disorder is. 
I remember when internet phone services came out and they were sooo crappy! But it was the only way I could call my bf at the time
Great minds think alike!
I am pretty big on duck hunting season. Maybe it can be based on that.
when you have colors that aren't quite blue, but aren't quite green.  so a color between.  Like red orange, or yellow green
Exactly - a nice day of chillaxing.
Its something I like to make for my family (of age of course!!) You just add a scoop of vanilla ice cream to a glass filled with Guiness beer.
They do an bad things happen! Why when camping i always keep my long curly hair in a pony tail ! 
I like classic rock bands like The Who, Led Zeppelin, Rolling Stones and many more.  What bands do you like?
they've been banned. they are truly feral children
what is your native place
Yeah, she ended up getting pancreatitis when she was 6 and just never recovered unfortunately.
who else do you like?
No, it would be great to eliminate the middle man though
That 's why I like you.  Love the music.
My dog doesnt like to ride in the car, but he's okay if he sits in my lap. He knows when we are driving to the dog park too.
Koalas are awesome.  Probably my favorite animal.
haha, kids are always hungry.  Bye!
I will look them up. I hope you are inside, staying dry.
I like o kayak on the weekends at the lake near my apartment. 
That's right.  it's all coming back to me.  Have you read Gore Vidals'  Lincoln?  Great history.
So many hot springs and geysers. Always great to watch. They are so active
who's your fave fighter
Have you ever used an instant pot or electric pressure cooker? Its great! Especially as a vegan. Whole veggie meals take only a couple of minutes.
I enjoy drinking really good wine.
oh okay, what other music do you like?
Wow! How long ago was it destroyed?
Maybe take some time off of everything and move to help the victims. Something that helps not only you but others as well.
I also like cheesecake icecream 
Hey, I could probably learn that way too. My dog's name is Lionel. He is a part scottish terrier and part mutt. do you have a pet?
Yeah. What do you do?
better than the rest!
I think so too. Just need to watch for snakes and spiders
Its a good habit to get into.
True that! Are you celebrating anything tonight with a drink?
very true ! well i have to get going
i would just be at the gym 7 days a week to let off steam
I love California.
they can be quite expensive
Likewise, we must let our thoughts roam after all.
I like the Beatles too
Maybe it's an unpopular opinion, but as a guy I like a girl in make up. Girls always look good wearing it.
I have tried them. They're actually not bad. 
by dead parts of me. 
I think that's a good idea. I would think she'll understand
Yes they do. About 20-40 pounds of it each day. Which is rediculous don
i wear glasses, my eyesight is horrible!!
Yeah. I do from time to time. I get a little lazy sometimes though. Plus their is a great mom & pop Italian resturant down the road from me. 
Good on you for rescueing. I'm sure it was a hard time for the poor babies.
a background check and pass an easy test that you get to study for
yes , i like fresh mango and orange juices
Thank goodness you found each other. Hopefully you are both benefitting from resources that enhance your lives.
That sounds awesome! I love tzaziki. Never had it with fries before!
Madonna is awesome! Love her sense of style. Do you like Lady Gaga too?
Thank you for your suggestion!  I really like Hatha yoga, maybe  you could find a class.
They were. The cat just liked to mess with the dog! You know how cats are, always want to be in control.
I am impressed
Oh yea, bbq all day :) but you cant be on the waves with full stomach :) 
Did you spend a lot of time at the beach or do you prefer the city?
He has said he will run again next term. Do you think he has a chance of getting re-elected? I'm hoping Yang wins TBH 
Where is Jasper?  
that sounds cool. Is that CAD?
I agree.  You never know when you might need one in an emergency - never really thought about it like that.
The family ranch was in West Texas, but due to financial reasons, they had to sell it.
They're the best! Congratulations again! Wishing y'all the best :)
Its fast paced which is why I like it.  
You as well. Have a great day.
that does sound like fun . the beach is relaxing .
Im actually really happy that your talking about climate change. I usually go to orangeville in ontario 
i really enjoy thrillers and law based books
No, that's why I was curious about the fair. The costumes are beautiful too. How many fairs have you been to?
Where in AU? I just got back from a year in Korea!
Enjoy the rest of your day! 
Rosanna's a good song too, but sounds so much like Africa
It sure does - you'll get there.  I'll make your wedding cake when you do.
You as well!
Smile (miso) is 3. Beauty (areum) is 2!
Summer camp sounds interesting. Where do you go?
Yes you are right about that!
A lot of them benefit from it too. My cats are pretty spoiled :)
Perfect we can stay at your parent's house, I'll just need to get someone to stay with parents
Weight machines are good. I like the treadmills too.
i love astronomy and zodiac.  Ever since I've been a child, I've been fascinated about how we are connected in that way.
I live in Florida and snorkel all the time. We have some great reefs.
It's definitely a lot of work especially when we are outnumbered by kids. 
It is very big. They just put a few million dollars into fixing it up. They even have valet parking.
that is great ! i think people can do anything so good for you !
Blue, like the ocean waters of Mexico.  Beautiful
Good luck, I think that's fantastic!! Do you think you would adopt, have a surrogate or try donor insemination?
Yes. I know it well.  Flyers are my hockey team!
Me too! I love saving money
never to an NFL game
Are they expensive?  You said you saved up?
Not so much. Are you?
The last cat I had passed awy young and never got another
Yea, heatlh is important. I'm trying to cut back on sugar and exercise more myself.
No time.  It took a look out of my schedule to learn the songs. 
I actually play for the detroit lions
My hat's off to you. Being in foster care was very scary, I was lucky that they kept my sister and me together...otherwise I would have been terrified.
yeah but these days ,only action movies are successfull at box office so no one makes such movies anymore.so sad!
Amazing. I've never been artistic. That would be a great class to teach. Do they do their own work or art history?
I'm sure you'll have a great time and have so many good memories
Yes. I was in the marching band. 
Yes! I internet at a medical device company last year! How many year have you been working as an accountant now?
That is awesome!  Are you published?
Oh I would love to go to music festivals but I have young children. I enjoy reading and playing video games when I have free time.
thats so true,thank you for the advise 
Are you married or not? If you are married, you should stay true to your spouse.
What kind of dog do you have?
Yep.  I started right after high school. 
I enjoy watching the top level of skilled play. It is amazing some of the ball movement and difficult goals he can make.
Sounds pretty interesting. I hope everything goes well.
Have you read GameLand? That is a really good one.
nothing wrong with that . for me , its boots .
Oh man, the paints can get exorbitant too, especially those with cobalt.
I used to be the same way in high school, I tried to show off while driving a lot and got multiple tickets.
I have seen that you can learn to shoot bows too. That looks like fun. Maybe I should try that one time.
I want to visit national parks and other natural wonders.
I'm not a big fiction reader.  But I did see the movie multiple times. 
hahah , i bet i am much more skinny than you(47kgs).
Wishing you and your family many blessings in the future!
Awesome. I'll call you with the details later
I'll be going to Europe; maybe I'll catch a soccer game too. I prefer hockey but it could be a good experience.
i like all kinds of food ! but i'm allergic to shellfish . what about you ?
yes i understand but watch messi you will not get bored
Yes sound like a person can make this a job if they have the love for animals
Violin is great really. I think I just liked the larger stringed instruments. Less painful to learn.
really, do you think you can become more intelligent?
Haha. Idk if height has anything to do with it. But giving your all is what counts.
That's good! I recently had a bad run-in with customer service.
What time? Want to go eat at Fogo's before?
Ok being blonde and being in a field with women may not be as bad as i think Im gain
No. I'm pretty focused on Quake. Me and my friends even have a group to help us strategize. Haha.
I am afraid of clowns now. Still taking the train to work. Do you take the train?
I do not even know what to say to you right now. 
You should google it.
that sound amazing! Me and my brother look like twins! Maybe it could be a double mint gum commercial?
Nothing like Western Washington Cascades, I bet?
Thanks. A lot of sad stories.
do you eat kangaroo ? crocodile ?
I don't think anybody can dislike the golden trio haha
yeah, i understand that hope you get new one pretty soon it's fun
Nice talking have a great nice!
Hunting is something passed down in my family. We are Cherokee and only hunt with traditional methods. 
That's one thing Facebook is good for. I've found family on several continents that I would have never known about otherwise. Do you miss the UK?
Did you ever think of taking classes maybe or watching videos? Of deer?
That's pretty cool. You must save money then. 
My dog is not quite my best friend, but she sure does cheer me up a ton!
ROCK! I like rock and roll. BINGO
That's difficult to deal with sometimes I find, when we lose interest. Do you used to go to concerts?
The late ones? The truth is hidden? Where?! I NEED to know.
Yeah. They had one eye on Star Wars and just wanted GoT over. I read last week that Star Wars dropped them! 
I suppose there has to be a balance of both. To enjoy solitude and the company of others.
probably katt williams live , but they're all funny
people who do not use their blinkers or text and drive, drive me crazy!!
I'm interested to see how safe and fast that thing will be...pretty exciting.
That's the nice thing about her having music videos...her skills are recorded for all time.
i would if i were you, im sure they have revised the formula since and you could try a new flavour
i agree i love that stuff
uh oh, sometimes i worry that will happen to me
yes it is!! just floating around, so relaxing. i used to go after work
Do you think the chicken would even know? It's dead. Why not just eat your pizza at a pizza shop?
OF Chicago style meat lover's? Only one but I enjoy every cheesy bite! How about you? How many can you eat?
usually once a month . how has your weekend been ?
cardio or weights?
coldplay
WOW that often. Do you know what they do when there over there? \
It takes a special person to be a teacher. I couldn't do it. Kudos. How long have you taught?
no not at all its a fantasy show, law certainly doesnt work that way
I want to work with plastics. Find/create a more environmentally safe option. What kind of associates degree are you working towards?
i follow a metal band so i am a groupie meaning i just follow them and thats about it lol kinda boring
i'll take a coffee with my two cinnabons.
Lovely names, I don't have kids myself as I'm focusing on my career
You make me want to try a Big Mac!
I guess, but for now I'm still trying to figure out what happens next! I'm just very heartbroken by all of this.
I have a cousin who lives in TN, I would like to visit some day
I know it sounds bad, but maybe snoop through her phone while she's asleep or something.
Raquetball by the beach? I can only imagine how that's possible?! LOL
Eww! That would be gross
LoL that sounds like a blast! I will have to look that up!
Hi, nice to meet you. Haha!
Not at all. She's mostly calm. She'll get one good burst of energy sometimes and just run and chase her ball.
Try them sometime. There are recipes on the internet, you'll love them! My favourite dishes to make are lasagna and a special stir fried noodles with vegetables
No, I've never been there either.  I would love to go, though!
He just seems to forget to change the radio station back to my country music. I guess hip-hop is more his style, LOL>
I like the 2000 horror satire called 
It really is. I do worry about keeping them safe though that's my number one priority
I heard there were over 500 million Mario video games sold.  I guess we werent the only ones that like it.
oh ok
With Trumps Russian collusion the investigation report has come out saying no collusion, but people still believe it. 
Yeah i used to work all the time so I never saw my son but, now my husband provides
They are, but so are spammers... It should be prohibited honestly, they're mainly scams
Yes I always monitor what my children are watching
Even winnie the pooh and dr who are banned in china haha
That is not the greatest for the kids.  Hopefully they will be ok.
I work with different age groups since I work at both primary and high schools. And what exactly is true crime?
Yes but not the traffic lights.Especially if you are in a foreign country.
do you camp in parks or in other paid campgrounds?
Right ok, that's pretty good. What do you do for a living?
it's all depends on ones attitude
Yeah, no doubt. Still, it must be worth it. Do you like any other similar bands?
Yeah. The truth be told I don't think I'll ever finish. It drives the wife mad but a man needs his space. What do you do to relax?
no , it is just entertaining
My achivement is go to England cricket Team.
That sounds awesome! I love Australia. So do you prefer the beach in the summer? I love a gray and foggy beach.
Ribeye. Filet has better texture but ribeye has the supreme taste. Do you take pride in cooking? I take inspiration from the shows
yea.  a lot of people here in america like soccer too
Yeah. I know what you mean. Who's your favourite?
Where are you from?
Yes, that is true! I enjoy reading so much that I am looking for publishing jobs!
Okay cool, I'm not that big into sports.
That's awesome! Congratulations on the weeding
You are a great parent
In some music 
If you could work one low wage position, what would it be?
Maybe taking them to the park or reading to them will give them some comfort.
I play at the local bingo hall and some online but prefer at local place. I like being around other people 
i love dogs and cats,seeing the art of animals is inspirational.i love the city
Very true.  It must be a proud moment for you when you achieve the final product.
Well, it sounds like your height landed nicely right in between their heights then. 
it is always good to take time to visit or go on vacation with your family. I wish I could! Take care!
Oh that's not too far at all. Moving can be quite stressful, but it you find yourself a good spot it is so worth it
You as well. Have a great afternoon! :)
Yes! I am already excited for my eldest daughter to come home for thanksgiving dinner!
Yes they are nice cars
nah, never, maybe one day. denmark, canada, or anything up north, I want to see aurora borealis :)
Secretary.  What kind of pet?
Would you compare the reggae portion to Bob Marley?
Might be a good idea if they don't cost too much and aren't too hard to install
Mainly on a weekend when i have free time, do you? 
wow thats neat! what are the films about? I would love to go back to SE asia and eat the oodles of noodles lol
maybe next year.  I have to save up some money first.
Yes it is.  Although they walk very fast.  It is a little comical to watch as their hips really get a workout.
i should ! that sounds wonderful ! thank you for the offer !
I'm not from Florida, but I'm here for college. Are you in school?
yeah, thanks.  hopefully it's something that passes or for which actual science can do something
Gosh, it is. I started really young too. I'm so glad my parents let me do it.
glad you've got some insurance.  if i had the money i'd go to the street to get what i need, that's how bad it is
Oh, that is not so big. I think that our yard is about half an acre. Hahaha. 
Did you graduate?
Well when I am painting I like to snack on fresh butter croissants.
same here ! what kind of music do you listen to ?
do you have any pets?
Do you live somewhere close to rivers for the rafting?
The beach is great. Do you have any pets? 
No we actually didnt need to have to have a surrogate. I had to get ovulation medication and hormones to keep my pregnancies
That's typically the amount of sleep I used get with my kids when they were younger. Drove me crazy!
oh.i respect you even more for doing that.i now that must be hard for you, physically and mentally
What do you do for work?
I just let my husband handle all the mans work when it comes to stuff like that haha.
It would be cool to replicate some of the original Roman recipes to pay homage to the history!
Do you ever let others read your stories?
Yes, lobster is pretty nice. Honestly, I could eat anything. Good thing I don't have any pets. LOL
Just my parakeet.
You're so right, I love your kind words and optimistic outlook! 
Do you partake in political discussions in relation to climate change?
Amen. I feel you on that one. I've been reading a lot about environmental and social causes. I want to take part and do something!
Where did he get the truck tires?
That's amazing. Red Compliments blue!
France. But my parents are irish. Weird combo, I know.
I have 10 cats, I know I'm a crazy cat person
I love to listen to Rock-N-Roll and Heavy Metal music. How about you?
I heard a great cover band the other night at a local bar scene. They sung "Hungry like the wolf," which is funny since you mentioned you were hungry!
well, i hope you have a lot of fun.  make those memories, the pennies and figures are ephemeral
yeah, healthy dogs are happy dogs, and these are happy dogs.  
Wow, engineering, sounds impressive.  I'm sure the income will be awesome.
And they are more prone to heat strokes that way as well. Cute breed but a lot of work to keep healthy. 
Same. Recently I am listening to Jinjer. They are a Nu Metal band.How about you?
Only in between classes?
The thing is, you can still enjoy the red meat, just eat it, as with all things, in moderation. Maybe a steak every other week or so.
That's the plan. Little progressive steps is the key.
Oh now you're just making me hungry! lol
Romeo, Michigan. How far is your ranch from there?
Oh I did not know he forced you on the river!
Well in that case, I guess I better start hiding!
Ugh, the mere thought of pulp makes me gag
Works perfect for me. See you then.
i am more of a dog person , love their playful personalities ! cats are sweet though
I may have a slight addiction myself.
I always figure they are just yelling "Hey!" with each bark. So what is your favorite food?
Haha, are you telling me you wear those? 
Some of the houses around here have competitions with lights.
I've loved Ben and Jerry's for a while, but that video I saw was really eye-opening
Yes, now I'm hungry! I am going to have to go eat after this!! lol
No it's a rich or poor thing. 
Now that does sound interesting! Tell me more
I just want to know how the mind works and one day help others
and balance perhaps? I only have 3 toes on the right foot though
oh that is cool! Jazz is so beautiful and soothing
Yes, you're right. Have you had any other friends with cancer?
Zombie movies are my favorite!
Yeah, kids will be kids. no matter where they live! 
Clink clink! I think i'll need two glasses though.
Wow that sounds fancy!  Is it hard to cook?
 i can never stay still enough to read! i do prefer the outdoors more. Do you have any other hobbies?
It can be tough when we meet for holidays, but laughter helps.
There are some great trails in the Appalachians.
Well it's a good one to start on. A great, psychological book. What goes on in the human mind.
got it , cat glasses , frumpy dresses , and whatever is your drink of choice .
Maybe. What is your favorite kind of wine?
That is great!! It sounds like it is a good relationship.
Yeah.i likes his music, but now I don't have a lot of time to listen to music college pretty much takes all my time.
I am always bad at not making it happen though. lol 
Wow, I don't think I'll ever be that certain about my own existence. 
True enough I suppose. I'm old fashioned about some things.
So, what are you up to these days?
Venom is a good one. He's an anti-hero, and that's a special niche in the comic market.
It's fortunate that most of us are satisfied personally when we help others.
Don't talk to strangers. 
Almost always. Big affectionate lugs.
Maybe I will publish a book if I am able to piece together the full story. Anonymously, of course. The government does not give up its secrets easily!
No, I mean in an aquarium.
Every Sunday I pray to Sister Martha of the knitting needle lol...my Patron Saint.
I did: my daughter. But she's still to young to hold the cup steady.
That's awful. Truly a shame.
Oh, interesting. I've never seen it myself, but I would be interested in checking it out sometime. 
Wow, do you draw skaters and weirdo-people like me?
You're welcome. I'm just glad we could stop this from getting out of hand.
Very little. Perhaps that while the world was on fire, and I yet froze to death, I never forgot the alamo.
Unfortunately, even the shows can betray you. I need a good steak. Do you think they have some in Canada?
thanks!  good luck with your interview too.  I hope you get it
I will see to your vintage parchment. And it will be mine.
that is a very good movie . i , personally , love disney movies .
Sounds great, its been nice chatting with you
Interesting. What is Ionian?
Hey, why don't we do a deal, you try some illustrating, and I'll give vegetarianism a go. Let 
Hmm, it depends on what you're into but Cassadaga is an excellent album. 
Yes, it does. It's an amazing feeling of satisfaction you get by helping people in need, specially innocent animals. 
Great! I'll keep the chicken warm. 
What new career do you want to go into?
For the rocking chair? You promise they're worth a lot? Like 8k, so I can help out my dad?
T
That's great! I've only ever read one book from Stephen King, it was called Lisey's Story and it was super good. I've heard he's a really enjoyable writer as well.
What is Carolina blue? Is Carolina blue a color associated with a sports team?
Unfortunate, but wounds heal. And, you can replace jars! 
Buddhism has a lot of great teachings on patience
Somewhere far away like Japan, but I like to keep my stay short because I get homesick sometimes.
Oh, you should. I hated it at first, but my children loved it, and then it grew on me. really good story, honestly. One of Pixar's best.
That is difficult. Maybe they can use technology more to keep in touch, video calls and such
The doc says it gonna take me another 8 weeks for recovery. You can't just stop yourself from going out when you experience enough thrill!
do you ever feel like therapy doesn't do anything ?like idk sometimes i wonder if it really helps
Good night!
If you can afford to do it, I would totally recommend it. It could be an adventure too!
In Spain, in this case!
Indeed. Horses are the next best thing though
Of course! My dad owns a small farm where we have fun with animals and sometimes play basketball with our neighbourhood orphanage.
thats so smart go you, so why do u want to learn english again 
Well, I'm a college football player so I do that, attend school, and enjoy pizza whenever I possibly can. I like pizza a lot
For sure, thanks for chatting
If you go to China, you might see them in mountain ranges.
id hope so but its hard staying that way yanno
Have you ever been to the Rocky Mountains?
I can't remember if Alaska has penguins
Oh, I have heard nothing but great things about that one!  I'm hoping to go to New York soon to see a few shows
Yeah. They're the Marlins. It's kinda stupid the way they dress up imo
i have 2 i like clubbing as well dogs are my favourite
if only u could make music memes
Is it a hassle to pet dogs? I don't wanna affect my grades because of it. I don't wanna get scolded by dad.
Wow, that is so sweet!  Are you guys still close?
wow wished i could have seen him that must have been awesome  lol "allegeldy" right right
No, my landlord doesnt allow pets, but i would love to get one for my kids. might help me get some exercise in 
no problem. have a great night!
I work in the it industry 
that is a good idea . where are you going ?
That's getting good value for your money.  That's a good habit to be in.
haha!  I'm in Florida
Not really.  I'm still young though, so I have time.  What do you do?
Most nights it's quiet, but we occasionally have people that like to party...
too many to say which is my favorite.  i do listen to coldpay a lot though
i might ! i need to do something to brighten my gloomy days at work .
Yes, it's rewarding to see their progress!  What do you do?
that is awesome ! i loved school ! do you have any hobbies ?
cookies and creme!
Easy to learn, but hard to perfect!
Yes!  I got my dream job at Google so I can't complain.
On a good day I can jog to the stadium, or near it anyways
Nothing exciting, just Youtube and Reddit.
tinkering in the workshop, fishing and tb
video games and lan party planning
Haha yeah, boys often do that. Very cool that you both are in Safety Patrol as well.
I don't have a favorite brand of ground beef
Is Purina a brand of dog food?
It would definitely help the earth grow healthier, don't you think? 
That's quite interesting.  I need to learn more about cryptocurrency.  I thought that I had missed the opportunity.
better get back into the dating game!
WATER is the best i love it too
Haha! Yeah, dogs are silly, but lovable. Did you know they sent a dog in space from Russia?
Oh, very cool. High school? College? I loved history classes.
Going to a friend's house for her birthday, and letting our kids play together.
Absolutely! That would be amazing.
What kind of classes have you taken?
YEah that's true. 
i'm from a lovely place called Ohio
My dog is always happy and helps me when I'm feeling down
I haven't planned anything yet. What about you? How do you feel about Thursday, aka 
well, mostly tennis. but my real passion is singing. That is a workout in itself. 
No I am not.  Why do you ask?
Yes!  That means there is some good balance going on there!
haha you helped jackoff a horse lol
That's probably great for your body and fitness.
I think I own a lot! I would love to see Ken Ishii live, but I've never traveled outside the US so I am nervous to go
What do you feel like your duty as a citizen is? Voting?
foot odor
I guess it depends on what you're willing to sacrifice to be able to work.
Good choice. Ribs are too messy for me; I get jealous of people who can eat them without getting sauce everywhere!
Thanks for you help.
I'm scared of dying. I tend to place blame on other people even when i know it is my fault. 
That sounds really good.  Where do you get the venison from?
where's the best pizza you've ever had?
They can be expensive - maybe wait for a Black Friday or holiday deal?
Let me know the next time you are in town and maybe we can get together and tell jokes
Sounds like the landlord should start the eviction process. I would hate to know that my properties were being cared for like that
I love Literature.  It was something different.  And I was just drawn to it.
Traveling is great! Have you gone anywhere recently?
I could use some positive coaching in my life as well, I have been having trouble losing weight
Yeah almost every time i go to downtown nashville i get to see a famous country singer.
That sounds like a good time - I like mostly action movies and romantic comedies
Do you mean you don't get along with your parents or you just moved far away from them?
When you learn to balance it gets easier to surf. To me the waves do most of the work and it took me awhile to master. 
Yeah. They are. Maybe we could get speckles and speckles together for a play date one day
Yes, its always quiet past midnight.  It is relaxing.
My favorites are huskies and big slobbery St Bernards. They give the best hugs and cuddles. just hide the penut butter
They are ok. I prefer Tropical plants myself.
Go for it! Enjoy your youth while you have it!! Whats your major?
I'd love to go red - not sure what hue though. Not sure how much brightness I want.
No, my mom was a great role model.  Couldn't have done it without her
Fairly cool where I am, its autumn here.  Your halfway around the world from here.
I love reading right before bed too! Honestly I live to go outside at night and eavesdrop on my neighbors arguments.
You just reminded me to eat more veggies! :D I was taught by my parents there's sugar in almost everything so adding more isn't helpful.
We each have to respond six times and then it give you the option to end
I have no friends since they found out i was on welfare.
More than a handful.
Yeah singer/songwriters are awesome. 
that's great , do you sell them online ?
I understand, hopefully the kids can help!
I tried watching YouTube channels to teach myself the banjo.  Maybe I'm just too old to learn how to play.haha
Scarlet Begonias, 100%. I get weird looks for this, but oddly enough, it reminds me of The Dresden Files books. Ever read them?
Farewell! 
Youd be amazed at the amount of woman who throw themselves at me because of my size.But my wife comes first.
I have noticed the tourist areas have a lot of Japanese tourists.
Yes! I like dancing in my free time, what do you like to do in your spare time?
Is it not very diverse in LA? Austin has tons of people from all over the world. It's not like the rest of TX.
aww, he was very lucky to find your family them. Sounds like he's in a great home :)
It's been okay, I'm currently at work. 
Have you ever had 
wow congrats! What kind of videos do you make?
that's hilarious. I guess it's a sporting event classic!
its just sometimes your not fair when it comes to dividing the pizza up
Live bait is best.  My favorite is spinners although I enjoy plastic worms too
chili, huh. I eat out at least three times a week, I can't understand why people cook at home so much, waste of time if you ask me.
Mexico has really good food, so you better eat a lot of it.
All recipes has some good recipes for it. I hope you enjoy it!
oh my! I graduate this year in a short few months. I worked really hard.
ah you are right . anything interesting you want to tell me about yourself ?
I do, I love Christmas ! but I love going surfing any chance I get 
I bet your daughter is very proud of you as much as you are of her
You would struggle with my English then. My Russian accent makes me hard for others to understand
they are inexpensive and easy to wash off my clothes haha
I recommend it for sure.What do you do in your spare time?
She has her work cut out for her with your injury. It would be a nice break for her.
no human is limited rilly 
Well, I am away from home for 15 hours a day. So, its more of a weekend thing for me.
if the island had no government then it wouldn't be illegal to eat people . . . .
What year and how many miles is on it?
So far so good. I am much happier now.
Yeah, the HS rules keep players from being able to play year round. But one day we will be as good as they are, I know.
It's always great to see people use their fame to help others. We need more people like that in the world.
That is good that you do that. What do you do for work?
That's so cool! I graduated from University of Michigan
All sizes,i basically buy the good namebrand stuff thats in good shape and then post it for sale.
Johnny Cash and Willie Nelson are probably my favorite country singers
Yes she does, but she has been doing it many years and she is having with her legs.
that's great! do you have kids already?
I have come across some real bargains, especially with name brand clothing and shoes.
My favorite is Fallout New Vegas.
True. Books can shine a light on cultures of different times, or transend them entirely.
I will do for sure! are you married?
True, have a great time celebrating I am sure you serve it.
Jello is great!
I think that music helps people a lot, so it's hard when someone who helped a lot of people, like Chris Cornell, dies. 
yes , that would be quite wonderful !
I think healthier food items is a great idea. I've been eating healthier lately. The term 
Sunset is a gorgeous combinations of colours. The oranges, blues, purples, reds and yellows are mind-blowing sometimes.
well its hard to fit so much content into a movie. Would you recommend it?
Yeah, they would! I only took a year of Spanish in college and never got very far. Do you speak any other languages?
Yes I have to commute and it is terrible.
Sounds like you have some terrible siblings
It did! That's the first thing that came to mind right before pulling it; 
Another great, classic. They have so many great songs. Not a single bad one in my opinion.
What is your favorite type of music?
It so interesting to get to know people on a more personal manner, it feels more sincere.
Do the rest of your family have green eyes too?
Ok, I'll be sure to head to the police station with a copy of the video tonight. Cops intimidate me though haha
I do, but I would rather eat other stuff now. Steak without qualification is considered beefsteak!
I'm glad you do though, people like being heard!
Oh wow. I would have to avoid them. Do you have pets?
They say the third time is the charm. You must be the favorite child
Yeah, you probably better. And just start slow on the small hills.
Oh wonderful! Boys or Girls?
Yes I am sure it would be fine, I just find them intimidating 
probably something bland
I've heard of that as well with makeup, lol
i love kids movies . i like finding nemo !
Oh really. Are you a Les Miles fan?
I really am serious about this sport and I hope to go far with it. 
Good point. Do you do anything creative?
It's hard but rewarding. I have some challenges like being color blind
Well good luck to you and any investments you make!
What kind of music do you like?
It can but it can also help you out on academics as well. It's like a double edged sword.
More a corevette for me! I would give anything for an electric corvette - something like that would just make my life utterly complete. 
Do you play poker online to make that money?
Of course! people put so much information online and I want to help protect it
We still have plenty of time, but it goes by fast this time of year.
2.  Do you hve any?
He did. I like stories like that - people who aren't perfect but do the best they can.
True and a capable driver. 
its graphic but needs to be known
I explored the city of Tokyo and was in awe at how much tech was around me. Also the ramen was good.
Gotta keep it interesting, y’know?  My secret patented recipe: (no) cauliflower and chedder cookies. Gave ‘em out at halloween. Kids hated them - what do they know?
You too! Thanks! was nice having this
mm.... Do you know any other healthy recipe
Nope. It's plant based and it tastes just like ground beef 
You're welcome :) Hope you get some good listening out of your cleaning efforts :)
Not at all...more like impractical jokers
Just look up colorado kitty on youtube. You will find her.
Awww, Its good just to sit in the ocean and feel the sun on your face!
Someday we will be out in the real world again.  For now, I'm happy to snuggle my sweet baby and sing her to sleep.
Absolutely! Especially with early learning in children. It is very rewarding.
I only had enough time to go to Rome and Naples. All that history in Rome - I could spend a year there and still want more!
I haven't played it myself in a very long time, but I did when I was younger.
I'm sure he will, maybe he can share some of your favourite books with the rest of the class.
That sounds like my kind of night!
It really limits your dietary choices.  I don't recommend it.   Have you considered vegetarian?
awesome! i visit lake michigan every summer! we do the same things but i bet it is so much more fun in the ocean!!
Yeah, modern warfare has a new mode called ground war that takes place on huge maps with tanks and jets.
I'm meeting with members of our partner company in Ontario next week. My trips usually last about a week.
I love cake too! Anything sweet. That's probably even more reason to start walking, lol.
Olive garden is good. I go there sometimes.
I would live to go one day, I should plan it.
Oh nice! My brother in law is a lawyer and I remember him trying to get certain jobs he wanted and it not being easy sometimes
fir several years, i really love the work
It's always a good idea to take care of your teddy bears, sometimes they're better listeners than people :)
Absolutely, I love it. 
Oh, never say dumb!  You're learning!  I like cabbage, zucchini, onions, celery, carrots, and red or green peppers.  
Fortunately I have not. My dog is very friendly with people and other dogs. Most of the other dogs there are very friendly too.
I can only imagine. I'm forunate i've never had to experience that.
It's always hard when families break up. However, if everybody tries to respect the others, it can end up being even better for all.
Aw, that's a shame. You should tell me more about that this weekend. Are you free sunday
National parks are great, but just get out on the back roads.  Find a quiet place to make camp and explore!
Baltimore Orioles is my favorite team in the mlb.
I think I'm going to give it a try. 
Nice. what color is it? 
It would bum me out too. Plant has some of the best vocals ever, and Jimmy was quite the wizard on guitar.
Yeah, you could tell she loved him to death. Are you a cat person?
That's great you are able to do that.  I also love my husband.
I do not, but I live right outside of it, so I get the culture. so you are a health conscious person ?
I guess that does go with the territory.
Personally have not, But I heard about that
"Planet of the Cars" sounds plausible, like an awful B-Rated movie. :P
that is so true
No problem whatsoever. 
I had a friend in High School with relatives in the Dolomites and he took me with him once.
Facts. I gotta admit its better than snow in the middle of February lol
Goldie, she helps me get through my tough days
I imagine that's true.  What position do you play in soccer?
That's true, and the anonymity can actually make people more genuine and vulnerable with each other.
My lasagna is to kill for. 
mm very tasty, what brand cheese do you use? i tried Stilton but it wasn't very popular with my 10 adopted children.
I just think it's cool how chemical elements make up the matter of the universe.
Sounds interesting. I'd love to check that out!, where can i see copies of your work ?
Oh okay, I see. How long do you have to run to get the runner's high usually?
I agree.  I love to spend time outdoors backpacking and camping, but it is always nice to return to all the modern conveniences.
completely agree . if you can't be happy alone , you'll not be with someone else .
i'll take your encouragement. so what do you do ?
Haha, those phrases are used a lot in rap songs.  I'm a stay-at-home mom at the moment. What about you?
Definitely.  Did you make any adjustments to prevent or protect yourselves after this horrific event?
Interesting! What made you want to get into IT, besides the tech wave?
oh ok
I am glad we got to catch up. It was good to talk to you.
've been in mountains my whole life, and feel like I would love the beach. 
I wish I did.  If I had perfected it, I would be playing violin professionally.  I was never dedicated enough to excel at it.
vendor management ? whats that ?
yep
I can't wait to go there sometime.
I am sure he would appreciate that. Then you can all cuddle and watch a movie together.
Probably.  I don't know a whole lot about it, but that's an issue my husband has mentioned to me before.  He's more knowledgeable.
I agree. Kids can't be kids anymore! It is a shame
Sublime mostly.
Did you play college football? I hear its one step from professional
I've never been to Texas. How was the culture there?
That is interesting and it just made me try and sound words out!
do you enjoy coffee?
I hope it works! You can also google to see if there are any other ideas!
For sure.  We have good times.  I enjoy spending quality time with them.  They won't be little forever and then there will be plenty of me time.
i've been . it was a great
I started running again about 3 years ago. I definitely get it. It does feel good and also good for stress. 
I have never seen it nor played it. I do love God of war though, it's such a good game.
Gymnastics is cool. It seems really hard though, especially for me...I have no balance. 
Writing. Who could have guessed from a girl studying writing aiming to go into journalism. I love to write fictional stories.
Yes, I agree.  I love fiction.  How about you?
um... I think she's a year and a half now. feels like forever
That works. I love the japanation or hand-drawn computer animation. Have you seen Cowboy Bebop?
Are there any other places you would like to go? 
Maybe because domestication has to do with mutual relationships. I believe it as a painter, It always seems to me that we need cats more than they need us.
That's good! I would be laid up reading a good book if I hurt myself! I love reading!
They are such lovely dogs! Have you always had dogs?
Walking in nature is amazing and there are so many health benefits from walking!
have you been to any of them? if so, how are they?
Absolutely. and it would be better than getting him a cat 
Sure are. I don't know what I would do without them.
Sometimes.  I have to try and think positively to cheer myslef up
Two boys, six and four.  Do you have any children?
I would like to be a part of a company that makes a difference. I am not too fond of the silicon valley giants out there.
I have a crush on my volleyball coach, but he is married.
Do you play any instruments?
No problem It's a really good take on the basic serial killer horro movie
Hah, that reminds me of Sylvester & Tweety. Cats are also valued for their companionship.
Kids don't get out anymore. I used to spend all my free time as a kid outside.
i like flight in travel daily
I play a lot of league of legends and call of duty when i want pvp. If i want story lately I have been playing through final fantasy XV.
Thank you! I do too oh my gosh! lol
The sauce is important though. I make homemade marinara usually.
I love scary movies. I remember watching the first paranormal activity movie with all the lights off. I was checking corners for the next week.
no , i only concentrate on my weight lifting .
Not yet but I always have hope someday I will! I am glad to hear the people are nice I look forward to visiting
That would be a reason for a cat to keep you up if you sleep during the day. My dogs would not let me sleep.
that would be awesome. there is so much to see there
My husband loves apple pie.
Where abroad??
I haven't yet! My boyfriend's been trying to convince me to go - well he jumps out of planes for a living LOL. It sounds like such a rush though
My mothers wanted me to work in the music industry with them, but it wasn't my thing. I am an RF Engineer.
Hopefully one day
Did you get a chance to see Avengers: End Game yet?
Great, but busy!
Anything on only 2-3 wheels scare me! Have you drove one?
I have to train every day though. I need to keep in shape
Yeah. She works at a dialysis clinic here in the U.S
Let's hope for the best.  I went to the doctor recently for a cold; I've been taking Vitamin C to see if it helps.
Haha! That is so cute!
I was going to suggest spinning or Tae Bo or something.
My grandma lives in Freeport. I spent my childhood summers there! I love it.
Every ball point pen that was ever created 
Not really sure lol, usually just eat what is around. The food in UK must be great though!
Luckily no, but it could have been a worse situation if a bigger accident happened.
That's wonderful.  How old are they?
We are both so hardheaded when it comes to thinking up new ideas for flavors we always clash, just like when we were kids.
No, he still goes hiking with us. He like my husband playing guitar too.
lil wayne
Do you like nice upholstery or the work of providing furniture or seats?
London weather is really random. One day I went outside with my paperwork on a dry day. 5 mintues later it started raining heavily
Now I'm hungry. I'll have to look that up and try it. Thanks.
Good point! I guess I don't think about onions or scallions often. Do you bake deserts?
I think that would be healthy for everyone involved. How old are your children?
That's amazing. What do they like to collect?
I guess daycare is pretty expensive.
I wonder if they have anything different, I wonder if anyone has tried to make meatloaf with tofu instead.
Lol well some people can sneak in drinks but I'm not too sure if its allowed. I usually just order a tea, which they do have.
Sorry about that. I can be a ditz sometimes
Cheers from across the pond! I'm in the UK, although looking to move to the US for engineering work in a year or two.
Just cooking, mostly. But I do like to read when I'm not at the restaurant
That sounds like quite a view.  How does it compare to the NY skyline?
Who will give your collections to when you pass away?
That's great! I enjoy spending time out doors with the hub.
I believe you will too!
oh wow that's so cool . certainly job security in this age . way to go!!!
I mainly play video games and workout
Wow that's really frustrating.
