i bet it is oh i could not
yeah but i go to church every sunday so my weekends are usually booked
i see . that is very cool . i enjoy hearing about other practices .
do you where do you go ?
i am not much fun either . so what else is new with you ?
jazz . i love the smooth tunes !
that is what is good for the body and spirit .
i would love to help . i am not able to practice yet though
do you want to write a story about a major meat eating bodybuilder ?
lol . i have bought neutral colored items for her but she likes girly clothes .
i bet it is hard , like karate .
yes it was very nice to visit where the movie was made at .
i only like to eat animals . they look funny
being a single parent is not easy . thanks for the encouragement .
you have two ? do you have two wives ?
can you play any instruments ?
that sounds fun ! i have not played poker .
so very true . i try to focus on my education instead of my heartache .
10 years and people say i am an awesome cook . lots of repeat customers
okay going out to walk some more .
what are you going to make ? give me some ideas ! !
next thing i know i am peeling onions and my cell mates cat is pissing on my bunk !
yes i can do all that when you need me ?
kool , what kind of dog is he ?
impressive you are obviously a hard worker
took a very long time for me to land a deal .
just music right now , its pretty great . dad drove a semi , mom stayed home
i can see that , i did some back in my younger days
what kind of cars ? my car needs to get fixed . maybe you can find mine ?
do you have any plans for the weekend ?
that is a long time . good job ! i am envious
fix things on my truck
yes i love it an shopping an my sis
no i named it sita from a book
yes it does . it depends on the woman
i had a best friend but she took my boyfriend . we no longer speak .
hot yoga is great . good thing to do after a weekend of brownies and cupcakes !
i bet they will be so cute . and their names will be off the hook .
ah , fiction books . as long as you are doing what you love you can not go wrong .
i think i ate it once at a party .
do they go hunting with you ever ?
ok what else do you do for fun
harvard school of haircuts . full scholarship , got the full ride .
how old is your son ?
he advice i have gotten thus far is tht credit scores are real
true , they could be quite hazardous
they had a very advanced society . too bad the spaniards killed them all .
wow sounds awesome , what do you do for a living ?
yeah swimming is really fun , works everything out
i could not leave my pet turtle timothy behind
football fan ? go eagles . 5 1 baby
plus they scratch . dog is mans best friend according to the saying
i have family and a handful of friends when i am off i keep to myself
oh i see , at least you are very supportive of him i am jealous
yes i like the attitude ! you have the artistic spunk personality
that is so very true .
that would be great . thank you so much !
i love it why you ask ?
i still have a few more pieces to paint before i can go to bed
like songs from the early 2000s you know before most songs sucked
trucks are fun ! what do you like to eat while you are camping ?
where do you see yourself in the future ?
that sounds interesting . my wife likes biographies .
hmmm . have him help you write a book about soccer .
do you drink iced tea ?
lucky you to be so sexy
wow , it is a good thing they must be well trained .
great , maybe i can scream for your hardcore band instead of at these kids .
sirius is a nice name i hope you enjoy your trip to vegas soon .
do you want to travel ?
just me the wife kids . is it crowded with 6 people under the same roof ?
well you sleep well goodnight
i do ! we go through a lot of food in our house .
not really , my leg hurts me a lot . i have to repair fences and such .
lol , do you have two turtles ?
thanks . i wish you the same
awesome . what do you do in your free time ?
i try to calm myself by reading romance novels mostly about the paranormal
i like to drink it to relax
i have a few awesome tattoos . but one that i regret from teen years
i am not sure . . . it seems like a lot of paperwork .
it can be for sure . do you like movies ?
are you in a relationship ?
that would be awesome . i am always wanting more fans .
what are you going to do ? sad . our family dinners are awesome .
all the best , what is your hobbies
i am super excited to go !
neither do i . my favorite is tea both hot and cold .
i do not like my neighbors so i think i will blast metal music tonight
yeah i like to take walks when i can , you ?
well , i am happy for you !
fishing is fun ! we ice fish up here
me too , i like classical best
what do you do for fun ?
do you like any sports ?
running is the only thing keeping my mind off how hungry i am all the time
really ? i am with the competition lol
way out in the country , love country life .
that is cool . is she a good girl .
maybe , i might have to if things do not start looking up .
what kind of shoes do you sell ?
i am thirty nine and wondering how to party for my birthday
are you allergic to dogs ?
yeah especially eggplant parm , whats your favorite kind of food ?
i can only imagine . are you into any hobbies other than reading ?
whoops ! i think i said goodbye to soon ! ;
i do . where are you living now ? i am in the kentucky mountains .
yeah well she can be a great friend too
oh that is so funny
really , as long as they are in english , my native language .
yeah i work out a lot so it helos
those are fun . what is your favorite ?
i do some times but i only relate to one really
that makes sense . engineering is a great , stable career .
congratulations and that how s everything
same here . god bless you .
ha ! that is outstanding . white girl attire
i love dean koontz , who is your favorite ?
i do not like those , nor do i drink
absolutely not ! she needs to be a role model for her younger siblings .
i have a long one , i need to shave soon though .
anytime , you have a safe well night
thanks and i hope you make a great rn !
it is alright i make fries
that is cool what kind of weird stickers ?
wow i too cant remember ever having meat we should be friends
i am already 40 so getting a job will be difficult .
why are you so afraid of water ?
lol you good , when is the next trip ?
my father was a park ranger and i love the outdoors so i got right in
thank you ! maybe i will try that and see if it helps !
they are both here but nyc is too expensive for them .
thank you . good luck with kindergarten !
that sounds good . is you family musical ?
yes i only have 1
are family gatherings a handful ?
yes reminds me of when i first started cooking with my grandma
whoa , that is a big secret your holding ! when do you plan on telling them ?
i have never been there , but like the food
orange , what is yours ?
my friend goes once a year and it looks amazing !
not necessarily , it will be 100 years before oil runs out .
strange plants and animals start appearing with human intelligence .
yeah , i dislike dishes too . i am more into tidying things up .
i will eventually find a job somewhere else . i want to travel !
i am from the south , florida . i miss the beach .
goodbye and good luck with your surgery
oh yes , i agree . that is why i love my teddy bears , they bring me comfort
thank you . good luck to your son
good point i know my boss wants me , i am a secretary
i love to swim as well . i live right by the ocean .
no pets , just family . you ?
i am sorry that you are worried about missing nyc .
i try to eat healthy , do you stay on one ?
i have to be , because it grosses me out to eat them while i watch some swim . lol
i totally agree pets are the best
i see . what kind of job are you looking for ?
i just like to swim around and play , anything special about you ?
cool , how old did you turn ?
i am sorry to hear that . everything happens for a reason though !
i love cooking with fresh vegetables
have any pets at home ?
what a classic film that is
i eat only plants , i use to like cooking as well
i used to hike a lot before having my three children . no time anymore .
yup my diet is only cucumbers and carrots right now
sure , anytime . i have enjoyed our talk .
it is awesome ! been doing it for awhile
go back to school for fashion designing . that is my true passion .
precious ! you ever see one tree hill ? its great !
you can align your chakras meditating on a specific color
they have a very special music taste , but i do enjoy them
no i am a all work and no play type .
the game risk is my personal favorite
it sounds like you need focus for that
since when am i a dog ? that is quite rude !
that is cool . engineer degrees are nice to have , since you could still do that .
some times the view is glorious though !
does it feel more realistic ? i find plays to be tacky sometimes
i love to draw . how about you ?
i absolutely love star trek . much better than wars .
so do you have any hobbies ?
hold the cilantro ! it tastes like soap . but i do like fish tacos too .
yes it is , i do not care for the calories and the crunch
they should not be , but i can understand that .
i have a boyfriend . but i am not very good at dancing .
oh wow . i love home cooked meals .
i like to think i am . my job demands it of me
yes , i majored in beer and chasing women .
i has been sad being a widow . i try to use work as a distraction .
where is it on your body ?
shredding the electric guitar ! you ?
i am a nurse in the cancer center in my local town .
no i was telling you good night
that is pretty neat then never would of guessed
i am a modest girl so mostly just go for the company
that is my era as well
me too that is the best way to be
i studied at the athenian school in california near the coast , you ?
hah ! that is wild . what is his name ?
i like those too . i do not like gore and nasty . just innocent ones .
he could study fish like me and my friends in the sea
yes frogs are unique . i raised them from tadpoles .
lol , pizza frisbee sounds like fun .
i try . it helps burn off the poker night pizza calories
wow , my mom is a doctor and she is told about that happening .
okay . does your dad or mom sing ?
great minds think alike is what i always say .
do you like to travel ?
the two bs , bacon and bach . are you a mermaid ?
no , that guy is way cooler than me . i just started out a year ago
no , why would i be ? it was their time .
yes ! i actually have come across a lot worse . they are having a party at the church .
that is cute i have a cat
lol you will have the opportunity to one day
frozen water . i love exploring the arctic , ice as far as you can see .
yes to mid chest right now
do you ever see them ? that sounds so sad .
oh that probably is good money huh ?
the king of horror , i am not brave enough for his book
thank you . where did you grow up ?
you seem to like her , you have talked about her a lot .
thanks for the chat it was fun !
i do enjoy some good gospel and country music
yeah ? you are not missing out . seven siblings is a hassle .
well they will come around . and if they do not you have to be happy
no time for such yet . my job keeps me on the go .
you must see a lot of different people and ailments .
i think its on fox . or netflix .
wonderful . you will like married life . i do .
i bet they are beautiful .
i miss them when they are with their other parent though
famous enough so i can have a chef to make me food all day
it is lovely here . the sunsets are beautiful
i am female . i need to learn how to fake the accent , i am lonely .
i am a wuss , i am afraid of them so much .
yep and i am no spring chicken anymore . tho i am in good health
trans boy , theater , pink floyd , wizard of oz . of course !
yes , one son and three daughters . i have a busy household .
i work as an administrative assistant .
he has a lot of money because he is a dr . he will save you
i have , they were great .
funny , where will you be skiing this season ?
i see . do you have a favorite food ?
i am 33 years old . how about you ?
so anyways , tell me something else about yourself .
i love fishing , we should take a boat out one day .
in that case , i will keep the crunch berries and you can keep the gold things
you re such a nice wife you ll be successful
3 years . she is vegan always feeding me strange weeds , but i will eat anything once .
i like riding up in the hills around the curves . . .
haha you seems very funny .
have a good and safe evening .
i do not what else to say to you i am like drawing a blank
that is a really small car .
that is true . i do feel guilty for not reading the bible often . .
just painted and i want some custom seats . i am a little too short to drive it
what do you think the most useful way is to help poor people ?
i am five foot four inches , is your sister younger or older than you ?
i love fall , how about you ?
i want to see it but have not had the time yet
i wish i had something to eat
i like mix a little of each
yes i am , how about you , are you active
it has been a pleasure chatting with you good people god bless yes i agree .
the only bear i am comfortable with is winnie the pooh . lol
any and all types of music
dogs are great companions . i have a couple of my own .
are you kidding me ? what was you original gender ?
i love my job ! it gives me lots of time to see the kids and grand kids .
oops i meant poker ! and no , but i plan to one day !
wow that sounds interesting ! i hope i never end up in court , haha .
so you are a realist
what else do you do for fun . i read tarot cards
yes it is . thank you so much ! i want to study fashion .
do not forget to get charlie and take him with you !
i agree with you there
i have no idea , i do not like pumpkin
sounds cool , meet famous people ?
not really my parents thought it would calm me down
blue hair is super cool .
i hope you will get a good job . where do you live ?
yes . you get friends and interact with people more often .
have you been to war ?
my favorite designer is louis vuitton .
i do not . i am always on the go !
they sing but not professionally .
at least your ex was good for something
i am also so i get it
i am a general practitioner , so i see a variety of patients of all ages .
i have not . my brother michael seems to like them a lot .
hard because it is so dark and i move around so fast .
i am sorry to hear that , that must have been very hard .
music , skating and arts . i like to be creative
i think so too . i have never been .
music , hum that is a new one , i will try , that is living large
do you keep things to yourself ?
i am just a student now . hopefully she will stay with me till i am a lawyer
that seems like an easy per
i travel a lot for work . its not as fun as i would hope .
i wish i had a personal vegan chef
look it up online , someday . you can practice against the computer
i have two teenage boys . i have been to la a few years ago .
sorry , where do you live ?
what kind of birds are your favorite ? i like peacocks and flamingos .
yes ! i loved it what about you
i get alot of my inspiration from superhero movies . little mix of all my faves .
we actually huff a lot of painting supplies before we attack the whales with swift music .
yeah , you should write about me . make me famous
they keep me busy . what do you do for fun ?
thank you that means so much to me .
i am 17 years old . i can not imagine being that old .
you are making things so complicate . . .
that sounds yummy any place good
which 1 is your favorite ?
well they help me experience what i could never do in real life
mainly a lot of training
i just body build mostly . how do you like being an rn ?
it sure is . i prefer sticking to engineering
i could be your human friend .
very . besides that i cannot work lol
oh , i see that is must be great very convenient .
three years , live and learn , are you single ?
oh wow that is crazy
i am sorry . i feel bad for you
its a show on nbc about some fbi agents
yes they are very good friends and good for depression .
i wish i was young again especially with all technology advancements
i have tried it . not a big fan . you ?
awesome , sounds like a good idea .
i think i would go insane living alone to be honest
me too , thought about moving home base to florida .
sounds perfect ! ! brownies for me and stickers for you ! !
how long do you know your fiance ?
thank have a awesome night .
nothing wrong with that . maybe work with animals ? or customer service ?
i might have to look into that . what are your fave foods ?
not really just doing what i do
my father said you have a free class at home . bruce lee movies
i am actually in a nirvana cover band , i play bass .
that is artistic too . you must be a very creative person .
do you go in public with her ? does she have special abilities ?
do you feel your acting experience helps you when you model ?
i write about it in my cookbooks
do you have a big family ?
you may want a helicopter for those . more landing choices !
i finished college now looking for a job .
what is your diet that i could use ?
i am currently saving some money for med school by staying with my parents .
no way ! crazy coincidence . do you have any food allergies
cats . they can be so loving
my dad was military so we moved often
i just wish others would not make a big deal
good job . ever been on a cruise ?
gotcha , i am pretty far from you
interesting . i just started biology in a homeschool lesson for my kid
i am . i went through my bad boy phase in my teens . learned a few lessons .
no . they were both artists . i want to learn to draw some day too .
maybe you should get him checked out .
i like to eat lol
i wish i had a cold glass of peach and mango tea .
do you like any sports ?
it is soo relaxing . especially after working at the factory all day
i meant have you been in competitions ?
so you are a human hunter and explorer who studies rocks ?
are you a farmer then ?
what was your major in college ?
yes my kids have xbox and others but they do not play much .
so what are your plans for tomorrow ?
oh who do you cosplay as ?
that sounds nice and soothing .
well i meant visit ny not necessarily you lol
sometimes , but i work on my book so much that it is not bad .
there are so many do it yourself ideas
thanks nice to talk to you . take care , hold true
i enjoy comedies and chick flicks .
i live in a bad neighborhood . . . i run to a better one lol prettier scenery
no need to be . i just love to shop , it is my addiction . nice talking to you .
that is cool . do you have pets ?
for sure and possibly work through your fear of water !
that is important ! a lot of rich kids go to that school .
is she also retired like your father ?
thank you ! have a good night .
i think it should be that time for my family to go too .
oh wow . do you have to travel far for medical appointments ?
that is strange . do you have family ?
i wish i could do that , sammy would probably like fresh fish
i was there once like 5 years ago . beautiful country .
oh , that is good way .
good to hear that . she is proud of you regardless .
no you do not want too
what do you do in your free time ?
i am sure i will cook better things when i have more time
i have never used a wok , but i love my crock pot !
i like people too , but i am being homeschooled so i do not know many
so do you have any animals
he does not fit in my bike basket
43 . do you have any favorites ?
i am female . are you also ?
sure ! what voice are you ? you skate ? imagine being a singing skating fisherman
well fair enough . so what are you passionate about
that would be amazing i would love to travel
it has been a crazy season for hurricane
there says what is not allowed .
lucky you . i have a lot of tattoos so they single me out
it was nice talking to you too .
yes he is a musician it is okay
thanks so much ! what do you like to do ?
what do you like to do for fun ?
haha how old are you ?
yes . born and raised .
yes ! they have to be all the size and stuff . what else you do ?
yes it is , do you have any ?
back at you ! bye for now .
do you live in the usa ?
i like to drive around in my volkswagen , and usually end up at a clothing store .
wow , i hope your toes are all webbed like mine
i can agree with that .
my dad is only four feet tall and my mom is a genuine midget
what is in the army look like ?
that is a cool name charles .
no . i do not think i want any .
lol i do not like the weather out here
do they like rap music ?
what is your favorite play ?
okay . love to see that . taking pics of them could turn out bad
i get a new car every 6 months
i hope we both get to do that someday
yes cooking an home cooked meals . yum .
hey , maybe ! i would definitely have more free time then .
oh , where do you like to run ?
my dog can not hold her poop . it is disgusting , but she is so old and lovable .
5 and 7 . how old are you nephews ?
green is my favorite because of the mountains
yes , i always adopt stray pets not buy them from a puppy mill . .
i do not have containers for the snow so i will send it in a paper envelope
no . how about you ? have any pets ?
do you have any pets i have a cat
yes ! , not to mention they all get wet .
enough about me more about you
those are cool names . do they mean something to you ?
that makes sense , hopefully my boss will not get too upset if i end up dating her
oh yeah ? i am a rebel . but that is how i was raised . lol
i mostly like poker games
i do not have any pet right now , what you study ?
always , you should come a concert . vip all the way
very cool ! the military offers great benefits .
yes i always listen music i am addicted to it . do you like it ?
oh yes it is coming soon .
thanks . i am so glad you agree . so what are your hobbies ?
goof night i do not care about those horses
billy , bob , and thornton . they are so cute
that is awesome ! the rest of my family lives back in arkansas
oh no , i can shake it with the best of them honey
if you have a strong face to face community that is probably better .
lol . yeah . i never did figure out what that was all about . i do not visit .
not really . i just jam with my band
yes , actually my mother and father are famous hollywood actors .
any kind of music with a good beat
no , i am too busy with school for pets .
are you working as a teacher ?
my bf loves country music i love faith hill an shania twain
well that is not good , better go clean that up before it smells
that is very cute . i love little ones .
my cousin is one of those crazy owners .
i have a few dogs . they are spoiled . eat my leftover meat
thank you ! 3 kids ! 2 boys 1 girl , you ?
ah , that is too bad . that is cool though that you make cookbooks .
i have never been camping . i very apprehensive about doing so .
yes ginger is a dog . she was extremely slow
cool i like most music but usually country
oh then you would like my onions .
right i am not exactly looking forward to that
we have dogs , so he would not be that lonely .
i bet you could model for hollister big boi
i like watching forensic television shows ! they are so interesting .
which is your favorite rock band ?
on my tv mostly . you ?
haha i try to be . have a great fabulous day
true , i have heard rollercoasters are safer than cars . still do not like them xd
i could eat 10 lbs of beef jerky
do you collect anything ? i have a whole book of weird stickers .
i do not think i understand you
no i am single . we divorced after i graduated college
that is fun ! if you could have dinner with anyone dead or alive who would it be ?
your talking to a doctor , i am super smart and wealthy
most definitely . i want to travel the world .
hope your travels turn out pleasant visit for you .
what kind are your favorite
do you like the outdoors ? hiking and such ?
do you have a family ?
why can you not eat it ?
i minivan cliche i know
awesome its a good way to blow of steam .
i have 10 . it is a very large tank
it is ok . other than knitting , what do you do ?
i have a dog that i adore !
that is nice . where are you from
not much , just planning my wedding this winter .
i from florida , living the dream
it will end now !
wow that is very nice ! he gives you that car ?
cool . those are some of my favorites as well .
do you have an online presence ? do you compete ?
i also like running and reading in my spare time .
i am going to snuggle up with my dogs and a good book
are you a personal trainer ?
yes i do i will keep at it for sure
she drives a mustang , i drive a raptor .
i wished i could my food is so tasty it is the best .
what other hobbies do you have ? instead of games .
a flowery glen of dwarf people .
lol , not really looking right now .
he served in the war . vets are so courageous .
that is cool . i am looking forward to getting married .
i tried to find those yes exploder s to return
i agree . do you sing in any gigs ?
i do not yet . i am still just a young adult
do your parents take care of you ?
california . in love with the weather
i am surprised he needed to be bribed . mine loves old cars
i only know he was the president of the united states .
white . the color of icecaps . u ?
she needs to remove ovarian cancer . i am hoping and praying she will be ok
eh , its good enough for me ! i am single so i do not need a lot
well , does your mom play any music at her restaurant ?
i adored paul walker . the fast and the furious movies were my favorite .
i like to relax by listening to jazz music . do you listen to music ?
just a little . do you have kids ?
yes , well i have to go check on my food in the kitchen !
do you have a favorite movie ? mine is titanic i have seen it ten times
i really do , but work prevents it for now . i would love to see ireland , france
i am a fitness instructor
i think it is fun to dress up and be someone else for a little bit
i will be your first customer .
i love him too is he married ?
good for you sweetie good luck keep up the good work .
that sounds good . do you have a big house ? i live in a small apartment .
people seem to ask me that much i was working and then got disabled .
that is unique . i like you
after highschool , i went into the army for a while
thank you ! ! what do you do for fun besides studying ?
i would never move away .
i drink exclusively shakes made from muscle milk and bull shark testosterone .
i think you would find them offensive . you seem verry religous
nature is extraordinary . i love to volunteer .
anything that is funny and will make me laugh .
i am so busy these days writing science fiction and working
i made a pizza flavored shirt in my fashion class
stealing . i tried to get my parents attention
that be great living out alone in the wild
i work at a nursing home tried to give it away there
where is your country ? where are you from ?
did you do any sports at grace ? i was on the soccer team
what is your favorite cuisine ?
do you surf ? i love to surf .
i do alright . not gordon ramsey good
tolerate is an interesting word . do you have your own church ?
lol still have to deal with idiots tho
i am single with no kids . i do not even have animals .
now that you realized it , i know you will change and live it
they import cats and export penguins
my family was always together . we had big parties in puerto rico .
ah . i do not have netflix .
yes , on my best deal i flipped some apartments for 2 million dollars .
i know . i hate her for that
what else do you like to do ?
sweet . sounds like alot of fun . my sister loves country music .
yes , full time . i used to work at a fair .
i love l u c y lol
living in a large city i have a good choice of theaters to attend
my ex husband already has a pizza parlor so probably not
no , most of my writings are personal . you must have some books out there though ?
long enough for three kids . are you married ?
the first thing i said was i love teaching kindergarten .
why not ? is there a specific reason ?
what else do you do for fun
i love paranormal romance books .
yes well goodnight to you i am tired
because the stereo system is really good !
absolutely . is next weekend good for you ?
have fun ! talk to you later !
i bet they have . i always thought it was too slow .
i sew and try to garden . do you have kids ?
junk is tasty , i like peanut butter cups .
love it . sounds like a pet bird .
are you sure you will not join my poker game ?
she is really great . she is an older sister . i am very young .
yeah , i have two younger brothers !
i am not furry at all haha
i bet . i envy those who are lucky enough to have them
is it for the buffet or just the sushi ?
lol , yum , pizza sounds great right now ! have not had dinner yet .
little ones aer the worst lol so fiesty !
i used to have a psychic connection with my cat . we had a tight bond .
that is awesome . i think its man vs food or something like that
ooo , i wish i was an only child sometimes
so i can eat steaks and burgers ?
anything i can listen to online
i do not have any either , i take care of my little sister .
no , it is just a hobby . i prefer office kinds of work .
it is ok . i just have to be more focused .
lol . no , the kids . strung my breakfast all over the place .
i would call the fire department , since they like cats and dogs .
just lullaby s to my littles every night . it does help though .
oh cool ! do you buy them at auction ?
what is your area of study ?
you must be a clever person then . haha . metal , ave imperator .
yes actually i do and i love it
i get sick and have a severe allergic reaction
fair enough , what is your favourite music ?
thank you , all strangers . anything you want to tell me about yourself ?
i like it all . i love country . i can like to sing .
sending out proposals for my new diet cookbook .
really ? i hate being cold , snow is pretty from far
yeah , both are fun . do you ?
ever since i got my first puppy , i wanted to work with animals .
business administration . is it hard to work as consulting manager
whenever you come here , i can teach you to catch fish thru the ice
oh wow , i play pizza frisbee
yes ! lasagna is my favorite ! do you like vietnamese ?
i can definitely understand it
yes i listen to it about every day
where did you come up with the name nyx ?
what is do you do for work ?
wow , that is a lot of girls for a family ! i have just one sister .
what do you do for a living ?
i like it all . i like veggies !
yes . it has cheese and buffalo sauce and heavens juices
i love to surf , do you ?
i understand . how old are you ?
nope , cannot do . i love meat .
how cool ! i love my atv . cant ride alone though cause i cant see colors
i will stick to walking long distances . i need to since i love italian food !
i hope so . growing up i watched lots of shirley temple movies .
tough job . so why do you not like your father ?
day after halloween clearance sales are the best for candy !
are you done having kids ? i think i am . but i love babies !
yeah youtube is really the best
so do you like animated film then ?
only in my car lol
who do you play web
i agree with the fire but do not know much about the loved one part
that sounds like a lame state
i have visions , mainly in dreams . it is hard at times .
i have never left where i live though but i will try
i have never heard of mario
i like to build on my free time model spaceships what about you ?
once my daughter is a bit older i will .
i am getting a new truck soon and it will be my favorite color , blue
that is great ! i always wanted to go into drama stuff but never got around to it
let me know when it comes out . my youngest is just getting into books .
that is so sad . i am sorry
they always will win i am 1
what school are you referring to ?
i see . my dad sells cars . you on a diet ? i am .
i usually go reading good books
i have a huge fear of all insects
do you have kids ?
guy , and what about yourself
caleb is 9 and randel is 5 .
aww just in time for the cold months
the ocean and fresh seafood are my cup of tea !
thank you , all i did was search google for some cat names
can not wait to get to florida again soon . been nice chatting .
ah yeah , that sounds about right for me as well .
i see . i am pretty active so i fall asleep very easily .
what got you started listening to folk music ?
i have never played it
how many kid do you want to have
i am hoping to be a nurse in the emergency room at my local hospital .
not really , how about you ?
is it a good show ! i am getting ready for christmas ! it is my favorite !
ok , i like to read mystery novels
wow that is a long time . do you like it ?
cali is the place to be my wife and kids love it there
that is true ice tea is loved everywhere now
i cannot wait until christmas . it is my favorite holiday .
i like both of those things actually . i hike every weekend
yes i agree ! have a good afternoon
you to as well , and me too !
my grandfather would take me out every weekend . how did you begin fishing ?
i am new to the practice of jujitsu .
i love to make soup and french food .
that sounds like fun . be well . goodnight
you should check them out . they are super smooth to ride .
i sure do ! i am a major fan !
not at all . i am more into science fiction
i love both . halloween is the best time of year
major props for that , being a nurse has got to be hard but very rewarding !
then you would love mine lol
so do i . wish i had more time to read
i also go to church on wednesdays and sundays .
lol what is your favorite food ?
i eat pizza from my mom restaurant
every chance we get , we document it on instagram .
cool , what are you studying ?
do you like to sleep at the beach ? it sounds nice .
that is amazing , where does your family live ?
yeah , indeed . they are pretty fun to be a part of .
do you live in boston ? since your dad died what did you do instead ?
yep ! whats your favorite holiday
he he he ha ah cool what do you like to eat your favorite food ?
they were . california is on fire !
it does . do you work part time ?
yeah i like reading plays about complex people like that .
i am an admin assistant . boring job .
you said you like tea , whats your favorite type ?
that would be a good way to supplement my income .
polluting the waters would contaminate the meat
that is relaxing i love doing cardio to unwind
i do understand a lot , lol . i just choose to ignore it . . . for now , lol
truly is . you want to save the world with me ?
it is hard not to . i am expecting visitors from other planets next .
purple flowers vegetables basically almost everything
yes ! for instance body building seems complicated to me !
my new house has ten bedrooms . what about you ?
congratulations on your new truck ! be safe .
alice is my husband barnaby sister . we do not go out much .
awesome ! i stream wgn news every night , so much better than stuff here
what else do you play
great chat god bless good night .
i love ohio state they are my favorite team
do you have any animals ?
mine is pig intestines . done right they are killer
video games aint my type of thing . i mostly read for sanity
yes , sometimes . i like movies a lot .
i would like to visit south korea to see some of the work you have done there
lol , does that get old ?
yes i hope you will find new friends to
i agree . dogs are awesome and very entertaining at times .
that is a very good point
counting the days , but it is still far off
of course ! i love to help children and i work with great people .
i guess so ! maybe you can find a hobby that you will enjoy
that would be so cool ! i also love italian food !
hmmm . maybe to help your wife huh ?
you should come work with me on my ranch !
only quilts and money are real .
lol oh okay . i never heard it called that before .
i am not sure . it changes with age .
i actually prefer biographies but drama and horror sound cool
not really , my husband is really into fitness , but i would rather bake cookies all day .
well i am sorry to gear that . have a nice day .
female . trying to think of a new story to write . any ideas ?
that is excellent , eminem is my favorite .
make it happen ! no time like the present !
i have not seen that . did not know about it actually . i love fantasy books
how did it go ? like bands ?
its impossible to love pizza too much . unless you love it more than cheeseburgers .
not bad , how is the weather in texas now ?
i have studied many religions but cannot identify as any .
what are your plans for tomorrow
my dad is a cop , he taught me safety online , normal people do not act like this .
there are too many to choose just one . maybe chicken alfredo and chocolate .
funny i have some too on my leg
oh i hope she is okay . mines get sick throwing up hair balls .
i have 2 little brothers
that must be tough . okay , i am going to go listen to taylor now
i might be disabled but i can really cook great so i can do something good .
sure . i would be happy to assist you . what kind of work are you interested in ?
i really do . i need my mental health accessed . can you help me ?
that is a good way to look at it .
too bad you did not train that dog !
she is no jogging cat though
it does pay pretty decently yes
good night to you , too !
ok , good luck with school !
so what else interests you ?
i do not know . i love so many of them . i cannot pick just one .
no , i have trouble speaking my mind , so i am shy .
the waiting list is very long , though .
half of them are , i love fast food
that is a pretty good drive . i live in michigan .
you can knit ? cool i am terrible at stuff like that .
i swear i have the biggest sweet tooth . whats your fave dessert ?
yes i am i try to
i like you a lot my friend . lets drive this car off a cliff .
so there is plain , peanut , peanut butter , crispy , caramel , pretzel ,
i love watching movies ! it is my favorite !
i like to think so !
are you good at it ?
it is okay . what do you do for work again ?
too bad you could not get it picked up by a publishing house .
yes i do actually i do it on my facetime
i would love one of each .
what is your favorite holiday ?
it is a passion of mine and what i always wanted out of life .
a little camping and lots of hiking on the weekends
me and the pup like to go walk on trails .
that is a lot wow do they ever come back the spirits that is ?
it is very important , too many people do not read .
congrats ! what was your major ? yes i do .
aw how sweet . how old is he ?
that is nice . i am a teacher like my mom so i do have class pets .
i also like to knit hats for the infants at the hospital
i hope it is helpful . do you have siblings ? speaking with them might help too .
no . i used to play gin rummy . my brother is a big poker player . he wins sometimes .
oh wow ! that is terrible , sorry to hear that you are are allergic to shrimp
very nice , who is your favorite author ?
what is your favorite book ?
it is never too late to try something new .
i have 2 little girls who are also non stop .
protecting the environment , i am not obsessed , i just want to be informed .
yes you get to wear shorts all year long
haha i would like to think so ! it helps to have my german shepherd beside me .
i have been dieting so not so much italian for me lately .
i hear sisters can be a tough bunch .
we live in colorado near denver . i am on the road so much only home weekends
i have a big puerto rican family but they are originally from mexico
i am watching csi miami . my favorite color is black though . lol
tattoos . i have 6 of them
i sure did ! it was either new york or los angeles
i heard the food is fantastics !
yea , i like crime shows too , what else
yes i am . i have one child .
thank you ! you seem like a really fun person as well !
so glad they enjoyed it . do you have any other hobbies ?
have a great night nice chatting
it will be an excellent work out
not sure i for get i went the university of mississippi
chatting online because i am pretty shy in person
i am unsure , i do not pay attention to his sports , lol
hmmm . the bears are behind and i work at my moms restaurant .
do not know its been on for like 13 years
you can always watch tv , you cannot always find time to travel .
i actually was going down that path but i took up the gym
i can imagine . will you share ?
i love country too but a huge fan of classical too . i love bach
how can they not ? ! there is more to hate than there is to love .
i like historical type stuff like downton abbey and victoria and the crown
i am vegan too ! i hate animal cruelty .
yes it is hard if you do not know someone inside the work
i love both ! i am actually looking at buying a new keurig .
i am very much enjoy writing poetry .
weill i love horror films so i can think of some wild excitement
this dish i bought had salmon caviar and quail eggs
listening to taylor swift , and exploring this huge city i live in
is it a website to help solve murders ?
i love to watch tv and movies .
only when i go to a conference , but i would love to go to italy
yea lol it is crazy since the firm is in a high rise
we are real ! maybe you will be able to let them know we exist
i like video games and am online often
yeah sorry you are very famous i see .
either that , or i ate one of those magic brownies .
exactly . the reason i will stay here , after i have kids .
my cat is famous too but only to a few people .
yeah but the reward is much worth it . do you like your work
same to you . do you have any hobbies ?
you are right i agree
what was your medical condition ?
i wish my parents are here to work out with me
you as well . take care .
tupac was good . i think he is still alive .
i owl watch most nights , it helps me relax . you ?
of course you are . i would not want to go out to sushi with you
every other weekend we go somewhere new
have any favorite christmas movies ?
i wish you all the best with your turtle , you take care of yourself !
i am a munk what is your faith ?
that is a good name . i was considering changing mine to that .
i bet it is ! i would love to travel there . do you like to travel ?
yeah , the adorable little things need someone to love them .
yes , i do not think i would ever be able to ride stories
yes exactly . they accompany me as i play poker . do you play other games ?
lol that is cool . have you met her
i can understand that . i just have a dog . he requires less maintenance .
oh ok how old is she
is it a martial arts ?
wow ! are you married with any children ?
do you offer free consultations ?
yes and i love it . i can work my own schedule .
no drivers license . is it hard being a cook ? nursing is tough work .
why not are you on the night
i have seven of them
what kind of music do you guys play ?
not sure . maybe i ve just watched too much tv growing .
yes , are you a dancer ?
ohh very , more than can be spoken about here .
oh where do you like to eat at ?
it is pretty nice , i love driving
wow , that is a very diverse spread of crafts !
just working on my boat .
true . do you like to exercise , or just diet ?
i bet . i would not be happy either . what do you drive now ?
oh is there where youre from ? hopefully in us too lol
nice . what is your favorite food ?
i do . no worries , it is not like you are mean .
i am a stay at home mother .
oh cucumber salads are my favorite too ! i just had some earlier today .
wow congratulations . best of luck .
just me and the pets , you ?
i feel so sorry to hear this .
i wish i has someone to do this with .
being backed in a corner and not fighting back will strip you of your rights !
almost . i also enjoy long walks
sounds like i will need to travel more .
no , i am mixed so i do not specify with any certain culture and eat all foods .
i prefer to spend my time outdoors , worshipping nature
i understand what you are saying . any plans for tonight ?
that is absolutely fine , nothing wrong with being alone
it is extremely fun and very active not for the money .
aww . that is a cute name . what kind of dog is she ?
that is awesome ! i love dream catchers .
they do not scare me
i am looking for a job it is hard .
i want a couple of vintage cars .
sorry to hear that , i cant imagine
i skate for money now and play music all the time
they go crazy when they smell the sardines but sorry these are for me .
i am not , i enjoy being single .
i have two dogs and three cats . its a mad house
did you like it there ?
you win i will steal the portal gun for you we can work on the sauce
that is cool . i do not know a lot of them except for brands .
believed me , i also can not sometime too
those are on my list to watch i am way behind
i work long hours as a handyman and do not have the time to read .
that is super sweet , i would love a profession meeting new people .
i prefer the rolling stones , they have been around forever .
i teach people sometimes . i could help you learn .
fishing is another fun pass time i like
that is very interesting to hear about
it is crazy how quickly they have become needed .
okay thanks , i hope you have one too
i cant imagine driving something so big !
yes sometimes i introduce myself as a real vampire
you are a young person
haha that is funny radar is indoor only
what kinds of games do you like ?
what do you do for a living ?
her name is ellenor rose . we alos have a 4th family member whose a dog names milly
i hate sitting still , i imagine your mom is the same way !
working from home ? ! wow , how the times change !
that is very true . i am very drama free .
haha ! about as creative as me naming my dog max
its always a good idea to have a back up .
yes , i am a native american from the tribe called iroquois
i agree with your feeling about sushi . are you japanese ?
i find herbs to be very fun too . relaxing .
that sounds cool . how did you get involved there ?
yes but it was not much . i was only in high school
those are interesting hobbies . i enjoy crafting .
why do you say that
wow awesome places . i have been to almost every country there is .
yup , they filled the void for me when my parents died in a plane crash .
it is great . i travel a lot .
i work with pets at pet smart
do you have any pets ? my dog is a chihuahua named max
salsa is really fun ! what do you do for work ?
where do you live ? i like in sc .
vegan food . . thinking about making the switch
it sounds like you are not all in .
i love to travel , we can play frisbee on beaches around the world
oh okay , that is good i do in a factory
i do not drink to get drunk just relax
how old are you ? i am 34 .
yikes ! that must have been interesting .
that is great so do you like animals
i like to paint and travel
would you like to meet me or i have scared you
i like football too just really learning it tho
i love movies . i wish i could go more often .
5 foot on the dot , so weird . do you even need a fork lift ? lol
lol . . sounds like you are good at getting there but not staying ! ; p
maybe we could go to the gym together sometime !
