Running with Scissors is considered Reference, Memoir, and  Biography. It's sequel to Sellevision.
It is written in English and about the topic friendship, it is a serie.
I like basketball games more then soccer. 
Sure, I have sent it. Enjoy!
Sorry took me a second to find adventure films.
Yes,He is poet
You might be interested in some of the movies she has done voice-work in.  These include Shrek 2 and Enchanted.
Excellent! Have a good one.
Yore welcome!
Powers Boothe, Dana Delany both starred alone Michael Biehn.  
Sure thing! Have a great weekend!
Great! I hope I have been helpful. Have a nice day.
It looks like he went to University of Oklahoma.  They churn out quite a few professional players.
Hello, yes I think The Night Circus is a good novel.  It is a fantasy 
Are you looking for a particular genre by the same author?
Glad to help!
The Lighthouse was released in 2017 and is modern literature.
No problem, enjoy!
Haha, well I just think he is very talented. Did you know he work?
Charlaine Harris wrote Dead to the world, Dead as a Doornail, Club dead
You are welcome. Enjoy your evening.
Russell Crowe is so good in that!
from prada to nada
Okay, enjoy!
I honestly don't know, but I know they are a midfielder
You are welcome
Enjoy the movie!
Great, I'll add it to your watch list.
Simon Pegg actually wrote Shaun of the Dead
It is a thriller as is most of Hitchcocks films, I would suggest watching many of them. 
The last movie in the X Men series - Deadpool released in 2018 starrs Ryan Reynolds, Josh Brolin
Great. Thank oyu.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, great football team from France. I don't follow their type of football too much tho.
Enjoy your book!
You're Welcome!
I will check this out, thank you
No problem, enjoy! 
That was a great year for readers!  Have you read Ya-Yas in Bloom by Rebecca Wells?  It's my favorite from '05.
I enjoy movies as well, we are horror fanatics in our home. 
Will do. Talk to you later. If you have any questions that is!
Peter Greene
Yes, the movie John Adams released in 2008 is about The life of one of the USA's Founding Fathers, its second President, John Adams, and his role in the nation's first 50 years.
Yes, Julia Roberts plays Tinkerbell in the children's movie Hook.
It is a book by Harper Lee but it was turned into a film directed by Robert Mulligan. The book won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
No problem, I am happy yo help. Enjoy!
Oh yeah! They are out of Lisbon! Isnt there a TV show they appear on sometimes?
your welcome
hungry caterpillar would be a good read
Fast Food Nation : The Dark Side of the All-American Meal is about the  how the fast food industry is distroying America's health. 
No, I haven't.  Maybe I'll check it out.
 Wasim Akram, Shoaib Malik, and  Imran Khan are all on this team.
Enjoy!
You bet. I hope you enjoy it. 
He is a popular country artist, have you heard of his song Country Girl (Shake It for Me)?
Really, in what movie?
no problem
I thought he should have just retired as a Packer. He was a great player though.
You're welcome, hope you enjoy it
Yes your right same  producer. I need to add Punisher to my list of movies to watch. Thanks for the information!
I agree. I loved The Proposal. It was so funny. 
It is a Science Fiction book released in 2011.
Yes! They escaped but were deeply impacted by it. He was hopeful that his tennis success would  help lift spirits there.
Definitely ! I must see. Thanks for the information.
You are correct, there were released on the same year. Enjoy!
I hope you enjoy it!
Oh for sure. He was a great tight end for the Bears.
Glad I could help! I hope you enjoy the movie.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
You are welcome. Check out the The Croods since it has Cleese as a writer just like Life of Brian.
Glad I could provide such interesting facts!
Ed Sheeran has sung many duets including Perfect with Beyonce.
Certainly!  Let me know if there is anything else I can do for you.
I don't know the titles by heart. Who are your favorite songwriters?
He frequently produce electropop music. 
The genre is childrens literature and coming of age.
right have you ever seen a game live in person?
Whoa!
Don't really know any other romance novels by her but A Tangle Web is another book that was written by her that for the adult audience. 
Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, Im Westen nichts Neues is written by Erich Maria Remarque and  was released 1929
It is actually a thriller.
Yes, of course/
Yeah all three of them were in it.
Enjoy!
Yes Michael Jordan
Nate Clements, the Cornerback is having a good season. He's from Shaker Heights! 
Great.  I'm sure that you will like them.  Enjoy!
No worries.
He's one of the best!
Yup, like Treasure Planet - it could be a fun way to learn a new language. 
Don't forget to hit use facts :)
Yes, I can suggest you What Lies Beneath, Videodrome and Vanilla Sky
No problem, I am happy to help! Let me know if you would like any other suggestions.
I hope you enjoy!
It was released in 2003.  
You're welcome! 
Very talented man.
I dont have that information but Wayne Brady is an example actor.
You are welcome.
The Greatest Showman is starring Hugh Jackman, Zendaya, Zac Efron, and many more! A highly recommended movie!
You're welcome. Happy to help!
The Painted Veil, also released in 1925 is a  drama. 
Sure! She's also starred in Eyes Wide Shut, and was great in Batman Forever!
Absolutely! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nice! Is your favorite player Tom Brady?
Yes I would!
Maybe that's what makes him ultra popular, the fact that he's been married to Posh Spice, from the Spice Girls. Victoria Beckham was a 90's music icon.
You're welcome! Enjoy.
Glad to help
Okay.I am glad I could help.
Enjoy! 
Of course!  You are most welcome.  
Glad I could help you discover something new!
Great! I hope you enjoy this series.
Can I help with you with anything else?
 know an interesting fact about True Lies, it was mostly filmed in Washington, D.C. Do you want to hear more?
You got it
It's a novel by Sara Gruen published in 2007 and also a film released in 2011.
Yup Space Jam that's a classic as well. Yes Tennis is cool to watch as well!
that does not sound like a movie for me but thamks for help anyway!
Added! Is there anything else I can do for you?
It's supposed to be the Cincinnati Bengals since they're in my area but I'm getting pretty fed up with them, too. Some teams can never achieve greatness in the league, no matter how many decades pass. Do you have a favorite?
I like it because it has real life football players like Troy Aikman. Do you remember him?
My thoughts exactly, and now I can't get it out of my head ha!
You're welcome.
I think I heard of that movie.  is it about Hitchhiking?
Hope you enjoy them!
your welcome
Yes, I would, it is a romance novel released in 2003
Amazing, huh? Well  enjoy the rest of your day.
I didn't know that's where Breakfast Club was filmed. Cool fact!
Agreed. Music really heals the soul.
As of matter of fact I've not. Well, I'll look into it later then
I know that The Goldfinch is written by Donna Tartt and it was released in 2013.
Excellent. Enjoy
Glad to help
Yea, I don't know if you've ever seen the drama Girl, Interrupted? He produced that.  It was directed by James Mangold.
William Lee Scott starred also starred in Nine Dead, which is a thriller
It was 1937 as well 
Ok. Hungry Hill and Mary Anne are some other books by Dauphne du Maurier.
Inception starring Tom Hardy?
Cecelia Ahem wrote The Gift and The Book of Tomorrow. Both are excellent books. 
They are probably who I follow most closely.  I like the coaching style of Jose Mourinho.
I've not, but you could enlighten me what genre this movie fits in
You're welcome!
As long as they have Brady and their incredible head coach, they seem to be unstoppable. I would like to see some other teams given a chance, though.
It's a movie.
Enjoy it!
I'm usually a Pats fan, but lately tend to root for the underdog. :)
I think that's just one film he did with Keira Knightley.
That was released in 1996 and Geena Davis, Samuel Jackson, and David Morse starred in it
Can I help with anything else? 
Yes, J.R.R. Tolkien wrote There and Back Again.
Great, I hope you like them!
I don't have more information about her, but I do have a couple of facts about Tiger Woods. He won the 2006 open championship a British open
Yes she did along with Rollo Weeks and Gina McKee. 
Yes, I read his stats and he is a good player 
Glad to be of assistance!
You are welcome.
She did the voice of Taffyta Muttonfudge, who was one of the princesses that Vaneloppe raced against.
You mean in the Premier League matches?
I like Desperado, you should watch this one.
Ok!  I'll send it to you now.
just wing it. :)
I don't believe so
Oh! Do you know who won the gold medal that year?
you are welcome
Great Expectations is a great book written by Charles Dickens. Have you seen any of the movies based on Charles Dickens books?
what languages do you translate?
Your welcome 
You're welcome!
Thanks for that. Add it to my book list please.
Ok. Anything else with James Franco?
Does that movie have a sequel also written by him?
The Thing is starring Ulrich Thomsen
You're very welcome! Hope you have a wonderful day.
Great!  I hope you enjoy it.  Have a great day!
Great! I also recommend the movie Psych.
You are welcome, enjoy the movie!
Bernie Mac is in it.  Chris was also in Madagascar if you like animated films or Grown Ups with Adam Sandler and Kevin James
I hope you like it!
Thought you'd agree
It's a coming of age film about three friends who take a road trip. 
Are these also historical romance novels?
William starred in Visiting Hours, and Star Trek V: The Final Frontier.
Yes, I like very much. Specially the classics on the 70s Pele
The Chronicles of Narnia is part of series with The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. That may be similar.
Interesting. Maybe I'll give that a try instead. Thanks!
yes, she won
No problem. enjoy.
still there?
I know Tom Brady plays for the Patriots but I do not know much either
No, I don't think so.  However, she did edit the novel, Agnes Grey.  
no i do not
You're welcome. Enjoy
sorry 
You're welcome.
Absolutely, have a wonderful day. And enjoy, I will be here if you would like more recommendations
Yes like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee and Dustin Milligan
No problem have a great day. 
Have a great day!
Ah, my mistake.
You're welcome
You're welcome, Enjoy!
He is also a scientist, but that is the extent of my knowledge of him 
Did you mean Horror movie appearances
Enjoy your reading! 
Great. I recommend Atlantis Found and City of Ashes if you are more into Adventure. 
Yes it is. It also stars Sally Hawkins and Michael Fassbender.
The topic were Giving Tree genre children's book so let's go with the facts!
Can you give me more info about Volcano please?
It was released in 2014 and is the same genre as Antigone and Into the Woods.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome.
Yes, that was a great movie!
My pleasure!
Sure, enjoy the book!
Can you recomment some Sci Fi? 
You need to say you're welcome so I can exit this session. Thank you. 
You have Winter in Wartime, Windtalkers, We Were Soldiers.
yes its the same universe. what else can i do for you?
Yes Christopher Bigsby wrote The Crucible and All My Sons have you seen those?
It is considered a historical film and an epic film.
You're welcome. Have fun! 
Enjoy.
You're most welcome! Have a Great Day!
I'm glad to assist!
James Rodriguez is a midfielder. Midfielders do most of the running!
No problem, enjoy.
Happy to help. Enjoy
my pleasure
You can try The Tortilla Curtain, The Prisoner of Zenda, The Ground Beneath Her Feet, Tender Is the Night
I will look more into it. Thanks for that information.
sigh....again. I'm not sure. I'm going to ask the PM. Thank you-good luck!
you still there?
Youre welcome! Enjoy!
O dp
It is a drama! There are many good actors in this movie. 
You'll have to decide for yourself!
Yes adding to playlist.  Enjoy!
Great, I will load them for you now.
You're welcome. Let me know if there's anything else I can help with.
Good choice! The Valley of Fear is genre Crime Fiction it was released in 1914 and also made into a silent film.  Do you like books written by Arthur Conan Doyle?
Enjoy your movies!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Dead Poets Society was one and, another one is Gossip Girl.
I know that he writes some of his songs and is a singer. He's listed with singers like Justin Timberlake. Do you like Justin Timberlike?.
No problem. I hope you enjoy it!
It was published in 2003.
I am only seeing Quarterbacks in my facts
You are welcome.
I agree you should check it out because it actually a good movie that I enjoyed. It has genre Fiction. 
He also directed Stoker. You should check that out.
You're welcome.
Cool. I heard he also composed for 21 Jump Street. 
You're welcome!
Enjoy!
It's a 2004 romantic comedy set at a salon. 
Both of these books are Fiction
Yes, I've used the report bug tab and I plan on sending and email. I'm in the same boat and have had to close a lot. 
You are very welcome!
Of course,anytime!
Tracie Thoms starred in Death Proof
I don't know. Nostromo a tale of the Seaboard was released in 1904. 
Yes, he did. ANd Dan Aykroyd was influenced by Mike Myers.
yes. Released on Nov 6,1998.
You're welcome.
Same here, I highly recommend you see it!
No problem. I always thought of table tennis as more recreational, but I guess that is not the case.
Hope I was helpful. Enjoy the movies.
I've heard of this sitcom but I cannot recall ever watching it. I like The Nanny and The Golden Girls.
Gran Torino was directed by the great Clint Eastwood.
Gisele. She used to be a model but I don't think she does that anymore. Brady was the type I didn't think would ever settle down but he was able to change his mind.
I'm more of a fan of Oklahoma State Cowboys.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't think I've seen that yet. Is it as good as the first one?
ok
Yes. It was released in 1599.
I have heard of Wicked Lovely. Thanks for the info! I'm always looking for a good book!
lol thats the fact given to me
She won Juno Award for Album of the Year. Do you know of any others?
enjoy
Absolutely! Happy reading!
you have to end
end it
oh my lol it has been acting up the last few dialogs 
You are welcome.
Did you know the Red Socks won the last world series?
Sorry, ask if I have anything else to check
You're welcome!
He is a Japanese film director. His flim Yojiimbo is a great Indie film.
Enjoy!
I'm glad to hear that! I hope you enjoy.
She is most known for her novel, "The God of Small Things'. Have you read that one ?
How about if I add it to your playlist?
Welcome to the Monkey House is a science fictional book that is simular to the novel The Two Towers would you be interested? 
You're welcome! Enjoy your movie.
You're welcome.
I think you will be happy with your choice. Enjoy!
ok. have a nice day.
Sure, do you like movies starring Michael Caine?
You will certainly enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Sure, It stars Susan Lynch, Rachel Weisz, Iain Glen, Alex Norton. Would you like any more recommendations?
I'll do so immediately. Would you like me to save it on your favorites?
I laughed a lot watching Queen Latifah in the hit movie, What Happens in Vegas.
back
NOT REALLY
May I suggest Young Frankenstein. It is very popular.
Enjoy
you there?
YOU: Yes, actually The Civil War is also written by Burns and starring Freeman!
not really 
Yes she is. It is a Costume drama Film genre
No probled.
the original was released in 2004
Glad to help!
OOPS, you have to respond once more. SORRY
My information is that that it was the other way around as Twain was influenced by Cornelia Funke.
Thanks-  If you like Sci-Fi You might also enjoy a similar movie: Zombieland
sorry, I meant Jeff, not Keff
I find it interesting that Anjelica is part of the family too. Such a talented bunch of people!! 
My pleasure!
He also wrote Inception, which is a similar movie. Of the same genre you can also find The Quiet American and The Proposition
Yes! He's a Legend! Similarly, Dwayne Wade is one great point guard too.
Have a good day then.
I think I also remember that Barbara Hershey starred in Tune in Tomorrow so, could you confirm that?
You're Welcome!
You're welcome!
Yes, that was him and it was released in 1830
Christopher Nolan also directed Batman.  Is that something you're interested in?
Sure thing!
Enjoy!
You're welcome!
She won the Booker International Prize 
I'm going to go with the Sixers to make it to the finals.
  The Witch of Blackbird Pond is written by Elizabeth George Speare and Sword of Shannara by Terry Brooks
I have heard of Backing into the future, but have not read it.  I am not to familiar with his work.  
You are so welcome!
You are welcome.  Enjoy!
oh and I think blue
I need more time 
are you there?
Absolutely!
anytime.  Enjoy!
Sure, you more than welcome!
Its been added
Yeah he's really funny.  Definitely check out This is Spinal Tap if you haven't seen it.  It's hilarious. 
Sure, enjoy.
I like this suggestion, I will check out this series
You are very welcome!
Ok!
Your welcome 
You're welcome! Anything else I can help you with today?
The movie came out 8 years ago in 2010.
No problem! Enjoy!
Yes, I do like Pink. I think she does her own thing, so I like that. I also like Demi Lovato, although she has had some personal struggles lately.
You are welcome.
A British spy sends a Polish defector to East Germany to verify missile sites. It's also been made a film.
Absolutely enjoy
Wasn't he in Fight Club? 
I think I read that book then. Are there any other books by him that you would recommend?
Great, I think I will read the book, then watch the movie. Thank you for your help. 
Khalil Mack and Mitch Trubitsky are on the current roster. Are you a fan of them?
Oh, how awful. It has taken so many lives...  That's what Ted Hughes, the author of The Iron Giant, also passed from. 
I heard he was in The Lord of the Rings movie
Great, enjoy!
You're very welcome!
Worth Dying For was written by Lee Child. 
Sure. Money Ball is Columbia Pictures movie. Michael Lewis wrote the movie and edited by Christopher Tellefsen and produced by Brad Pitt!
It is Crime Fiction if you like those kinds of movies you will like it. 
No, actually did not know that! Great information. That's so cool his dad is his trainer! I do know that he is from Grand Rapids! 
she also wrote to Mrs Dalloway which is an interesting read.
I've never heard of it actually!
You're welcome.  I hope you enjoy it.  Have a great day!
You're welcome
No problem, I am happy to help!
No problem. Glad to help
You're very welcome.
Yes,He wrote Alone
Glad to be of assistance!
No problem!
absolutely
Great! Youre welcome!
She was in fact one of several writers who wrote "A Midsummer Night's Dream alone with William Shakespeare.
I do not find that one.
Sure! Enjoy your day. 
Sam Worthington is the lead in Wrath of the Titans. 
You're welcome! 
I watch nfl football and basketball. I just found out one of england national football team players David Beckham has a celebrity friend Gordon Ramsay. 
I'm pretty fond of Ben Stein's part. "Bueller? Bueller?" It's a classic.
I guess he should talk more about Pain and Gain movie in this case. Have you watched?
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
You're welcome!
You bet! I can add Batman Begins, but The Dark Knight Rises is one you may consider to add to your watch list. 
I know Serena Williams and Steffi Graf  are the top 
You are very welcome! Let me know if you have any further questions.
Sure no problem!
It is well written. You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome.
Sure. I have a couple examples like Withouth Fall, Violets are Blue, and Track of the Cat.
	 Tom Cruise Annabelle Wallis Sofia Boutella Jake Johnson Courtney B. Vance Russell Crowe. What else can I do for you today?
It sounds like a decent movie. I'll have to at least rent it. Many thanks for the suggestion!
It stars Denzel Washington.
Nice chatting with you. Have a nice day.
You're welcome. Have a good day.
OK, take care.
Your Welcome
You're welcome!
Ok. Makes sense.
No problem. 
I do. It's a lot of fun to watch and it flows better than American football. How about you?
movie streaming right now!
Enjoy!
It's an action thriller. If you like Liam Neeson, definitely give it a watch!
I think Alfred Hitchcock starred in it also.  I like him.  You should check it out.
Great I'll add it to your watch list. 
yes, both of them.
Could you recommend any books similar to On the Road?
Yes! He has starred in many Action movies, including The A-Team, Open Grave, and Oldboy.
You're welcome! Enjoy the movie!
It came out in 1995.
That's where the team is from. 
Yes, Alex in Wonderland also stars Paul Mazursky, Jeanne Moreau and Angelo Rossitto.
Your welcome.
I hope you enjoy it! 
your welcome
No problem. Glad to help
Jane Austen also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion. Have you read either of those?
You are welcome
You're Welcome
Yes she starred in Soul Surfer.  I loved that movie!!  Helen Hunt and Dennis Quaid starred in it also.  I highly recommend it.
I think you would like it better, if you read the book first. 
Sure. Enjoy the movie. 
I am not certain of the release date. Have you tried 2010 by Peter Hyams?
He is also in Twenty Bucks and a holiday favorite, Merry Madagascar.
Oh wow, he is very dynamic!
You're welcome, enjoy!
A couple would be Vertical Limit and Thunderbirds.
Most of it was shot in London, I think.
Sure Westerns are great read. Happy to help
Gus Van Sant.  
You're welcome!
you too
No, I didn't know that. He has great acting skills for sure!
Great. Enjoy!
He was influenced by Agatha Christie and Astrid Lindgren 
Are you there?
Yes, he revived his career for the Patriots with Tom Brady at the help as QB.
Could you recommend movies like  Apocalypto?
I am glad I could assist you. I hope you are happy with the choices I have recommended. 
You are very welcome, please enjoy
your welcome
Sure,ordering them now. Have a good evening !
Small Gods  and  Lords and Ladies, 
No problem. Laurell K. Hamilton is a great writer!
Oh wow, didn't know that. He of course wrote the amazing Romeo and Juliet and Henry V.
Ocean's Eleven
Click on your Facts on the side panel so I know what questions to ask please.
Warrior is starring Kevin Dunn. Kevin Dunn starred in The Black Dahlia you can check out
Any time. Enjoy!
Happy reading!
Your welcome 
Yes, I do. I like them both actually. How about you?
Yes.  Would you like more information on the Buccaneers?
Yes he was, and also a poet! Les Fleurs du mal is another book by him.
Sure, some really good action films are: War of The Worlds, Walking Tall, and Virtuosity.
He sure did, along with Vincent Pastore, Joe Viterelli, and Jeanne Tripplehorn. Such a cute movie.
You are welcome
Yeah Coldplay is a goof band though I think Mylo Xyloto is the main singer.
Sure! Enjoy.
On it.
Glad to assist you!
He must be an excellent player since he plays for the Royal Challengers Bangalore in the Indian Premier League. Maybe I'll catch a game one of these days if it comes on TV.
The Hunter sure does have a similar effect, 
just like White Noise, which is something you might enjoy.
Sorry, I don't follow any other teams.
The genre of the book is fiction and drama.
You're welcome, happy to help!
I'm not familiar with the movie yet. 
But since it was released in 2007, I'm sure it won't be too long until they make a movie.
No problem, happy to be of help!
What weight class are you in?
I love watching gymnastics as well in the Olympics!
Yes! My sister is going there this summer, and she said she will be on the beach for the majority of the time!
You're welcome!
I haven't seen this, what is the genre of this movie
Not sure...Just know its popular in New Delhi.  Have a great night.
Ahh ok I did not know three people were involved in writing Wanted. 
No problem!
You're welcome!
Really, that's interesting. Was he any good?
I do! I really like Venus Willaims and her sister Serena. 
I see. I also heard about Madeline's Rescue. It's by  Ludwig Bemelmans. What genre is that in?
Enjoy!
No, I am not that familiar with that book. Was that part of the Vampire Academy series?
You're welcome.
No problem! 
You know it's been awhile since I've read it. I think I'll reread. Thanks for recommendation!
You are welcome!
Your welcome.
You are welcome!
All right.
Glad to help!
thanks
You as well!
Is it David Thornton ?
I'll give you my personal favorite, The Cat in the Hat. Do you know of this one?
I think he is a great basketball player. do you know who his wife is?
Laura Hillenbrand also was with the Country of nationality United States of America did you know that?
You're welcome, enjoy! 
I think she is a Russian professional tennis player. She lost to Sarena Wiliams.
Yes he did 
No problem
Your welcome, enjoy!
I'll have to start watching them more closely, I hope they do well this season!
Great, I'll send it to your screen now
You're welcome!
I see. Both of them are wonderful athletes.
I believe that's their current minor team but they are also getting a professional team soon
She is amazing! I heard she won his first major in 2014 and she's probably 25 during that time. Amazing
Nana was release on 1880, while Therese Raquin was released on 1867. I recommend these classics.
You are welcome.
I suggest The Witching Hour if you are in the fantasy mood!
He did!  He is multitalented!  Snoop also has a show with Martha Stewart.  They have really branched out.
I didn't see The Iron Lady. But I liked Anne Hathaway in The Devil Wears Prada, and the Princess Diaries.
No problem! You might also want to watch Three Kings starring Wahlberg. It is a classic.
Sounds great!
Yes it is an action movie
Great, enjoy!
Yes, the sport is usually featured in the summer Olympic games including the 2012 games in London
its not showing. Im going to refresh. Its not working well today.
Cool. Well-rounded sports fan. 
Yeah, I couldn't stop laughing all through the movie. You recall Patrick Ewing's part in the movie?
You're welcome
You're welcome.
your welcome
What else is he in?
Did Justin Theroux have anything to do with that film?
It is my pleasure.
Wow that's awesome for her! Thanks for sharing that information!
Indeed I watched the Fury fight. It was great and an interesting ending!
Thanks and Have a good night! 
Wow, I didn't know that. I just know i heard Yellow in a record store and bought the album right away!
My favorite is Indian cricket team
You're welcome,  enjoy!
George Peppard and Martin Balsam also starred in this movie
You're welcome!
You are welcome
The Dark Knight was directed by Christopher Nolan.
That's right.  I saw the preview for Lucy, but I haven't watched it yet.  I'm sure I'd like it.  
Have you seen The Fugitive?
I like the original Cars but I did like Lewis Hamilton he played in Sibling with Nicolas Hamilton.
Great, I have added them. Hope you enjoy!
My pleasure!
You're welcome. Always here to help!
Yes! Him and Martha had a cooking show. Snoop made his special cookies haha.
Oh great! i recommend you read the entire series! i hope you enjoy!
Glad to be of help!
You're welcome
It came out in 2002 about a Jewish musician in Warsaw after WWII
nice good luck i hope they do
You're welcome.
It is written by Terry George
Really, I did not know that.
Wow, I didn't know that either! I never would have guessed that.
They just lost their main quarterback for the season, too. I guess that's a brutal position full of risks when an entire defense wants to crush you.
You are welcome. You may also want to check out Trance. Have a great day!
You are welcome. Enjoy the Fantasy that is Jrassic Park III!
Yes, called The Son of Neptune.  This is based on Greek mythology which I found pretty unique.  If you are interested in the whole series I can detail it, named The Heroes of Olympus series.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Lord of the Rings is considered an excellent movie. Do you like it because it is a fantasy or a drama?
Yes it was. 
Happy to Help. Is there anything else I can do for you?
What is the ethnicity of Walter Payton? Did Tom Brady star in any film?
You're welcome. Hope you like it.
It is a Fiction book 
Yes, I'll add that.
Great, have an awesome day!
It stars a favorite of mine, J.K. Simmons, as well as Cameron Bright and Jason Reitman!
Your welcome.
Definitely! Thrillers similar to Unleashed include Shark Night, XXX, and eXistenZ.
Great, I will add that to my list. Thanks for the information.
No, I haven't but I know the millions enjoyed What to Expect When You're Expecting so she must be good or at the very least relatable.
Who stars in it?
She hasn't had a second album, but with her record label 604, she might end up making another.
Enjoy your movie! 
You are quite welcome!
I'm always here to help!
you got it
Yes, he's good.
You're welcome.
zombieland is great. i love Woody Harrelson. dont you?
Sure.  That author wrote Two By Two and True Believer.  Both were New York Times Bestsellers.
I like the Washington Nationals. How about you?
What's it up to now? Fast & Furious 46. It's like Now! That's What I Call Music. You a fan of the movies?
You're welcome, If you like his writing, he will keep you busy. He has many, many titles. Tourist Season is favorite.
X-Man First Class is an action film that stars Jennifer Lawrence and was directed by Matthew Vaughn. 
Ok, enjoy reading it
You're very welcome! I am sure you'll enjoy it!
Wonderful. I hope you'll enjoy it!
Sure.  Adding now.  Enjoy!
No.  I am waiting for you to reply to my last response.  This is my first run at this and there are A LOT of facts.  Otherwise, I'm fine.
You're welcome. Since you seem to like Cassandra Clare, you might also be interested to know that The Mortal Instruments books inspired both a movie and a TV show. 
No problem. Enjoy!
Get the books!
I do! The same year also released The Uplift War as well as Rules of Attraction. 
There is no information about that
Click dialog is done, so we can move one
You are welcome!
Sure, you might also like The Silver Chair.
One was Cover Girl.
The Patriot is a drama and action film.
Yes, I like Zodiac, it was released the same year.
Glad to help
Those are great artists, too. I saw Thomas Rhett recently as a guest coach on The Voice.
Good to hear!
Pulp Fictions starring actor is Tim Roth. Tim Roth starred in The Incredible Hulk and The Reservoir Dogs. 
You're welcome!
You're welcome.
thanks thats all for today
It was released a few years after Naked, in 2013.
Unfortunately Michael died on June 9th 2009. He will be forever remembered.
you are welcome
You're welcome! 
Sure, adding it now
No who stared in the movie
The Hercules in film also starred Elizabeth Perkins emulating Tyler Mane's role
You're welcome. 
Yes, that movie is very similar 
I hope you enjoy it!
I did not know that! That was directed by Woody Allen, right?
Night is about the author's experience in the Nazi German concentration camps at Auschwitz and Buchenwald
okay
It is a historical adventure/ comedy, written by Charles Martin Smith and is about the removal of The Stone of Scone.
Great enjoy!
I agree. It puts him up there with NBA stars like LeBron James. 
I am a huge Katherine McPhee fan, I am going to check out Shark Night. Thank you for your help!
Yes, The King's Speech is popular. You might also be interested in Follow the River.
Sorry I can't Add
You're welcome. Enjoy your movie.
I like Sex but both are good. 
I hope someone other than the Patriots win.
Of course, happy to help!
The movie was released in 2004, the same year Troy was released
Yes, they were.  They won a lot of championships.  I met Pippen when I worked at Radio Shack.  He's a nice guy.
Kate chopin wrote The Story of an Hour and he Awakening and Selected Short Stories
I do not find anything similar to it
I think it was released sometime in 1817.
You are welcome.  Enjoy!
Yea, I haven't seen it, but I've heard good things.  Its from 2010, and has Channing Tatum and Amanda Seyfried in it.  It sounds like a good cast.
Yes, she was in that as well. Along with Joseph Gordon-Levitt.
Still typing.
Jesse Jame and Jack Wardenhave starred in this movie. Life of Pi comes under Fantasy, Fiction, Novel,Drama,Adventure fiction and Adventure. Are you interested in any of this genre?
Your welcome
Are you still there ? you have to finish this task
Yes, The Invisible Man was a cool, fictional novel.
Mu pleasure.
Yeah, I think Mahendra was a part of the India national criket team. I wonder if they are interested in bowling.
Both great teams! Can't wait to see how the season turns out this year.
Welcome!
you're welcome!
Unfortunately Tim Dolin is not the correct author, The original book,Tess of the d'Urbervilles is written by Thomas Hardy from United Kingdom. Are you interested in his works? 
not a problem
Enjoy!
You're welcome.
Ok, great. Enjoy!
You're quite welcome.
Sure, Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil is a good one.  
He wrote Will Grayson
Several people did including Stan Lee and Zak Penn
No
you are welcome glad i could help out.
Actually he won Best Male Video at the MTV awards! 
You're welcome.
You're welcome!
That is all
You are very welcome!
Isn't he that Belgian soccer player that was injured in a crash recently?
Let's hope so.
Violets are Blue is written by James Patterson. This book is part of a series.
Absolutely, Have a great day
I sure will thanks!
Ok, anything else I can help you with?
No problem, I am happy to help. Enjoy!
I like alternative rock. 
You bet! The movie should arrive after download. 
Paper Towns is listed as a Mystery.  
Maybe you should check out The Fall or Lyra's Oxford for some good fantasy reads.
Most Welcome
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a great movie.
You're welcome!  Hope you like it!
No problem
Enjoy
No problem. Richelle Mead also wrote Georgina Kincaid series, Bloodlines series and the Dark Swan series.
Ken Burns also wrote The Civil War
Great!  You're welcome!
No, I haven't. I prefer romantic comedies.
He was in V for Vendetta and A room With A View in 1985.
My pleasure
Seth Rogen wrote Pineapple Express and is starring James Franco too!
Have at it.  Let me know what you find out.
Wow! Great and it has been quite informative chatting with you and thank you so much for it and you have a great day!
You too. Enjoy!
Great, other books in that genre is Persuasion and Northanger Abbey.
yes, correct.  have you ever watched it?
Thanks a lot! I will check out this book. 
Some play doubles, it is completely understandable. 
You're welcome!
Thanks!
Enjoy the book!
Then you'll love Waiting to Exhale or Everything is Illuminated.
Great! In 2010 Becca Fitzpatrick also released her hit book Finale. Have you read this one?
I will check What Planet Are You. 
Enjoy
You're very welcome, enjoy the films!
No I don't watch much soccer to be honest.
The very busy spider is about another critter or Panda Bear, Panda Bear what do you see which is leading through many kinds of animals.
Enjoy!
You're very welcome!
I don't think I've heard that one. I'll check it out.
You're most welcome! Enjoy!
Very well, have a good day and be sure to check out The Grand Design. 
Yes, Transcendence was directed by Wally Pfister and also stars Morgan Freeman.
You welcome, do you want contact info of Darcy Lockman?
How are they doing this year?
Enjoy!
I feel the same way, I am not a huge soccer fan it tends to bore me. What sports do you watch?
That I did. 
Sorry There is no information related to quarterback
Great!
Of course! Have a great weekend!
Dr. No was also released that same year. 
You have to click on Use Fact
Read the books, if you haven't already
I love Space Jam starring Micheal Jordan
It sure is!
This book was written by Kate Grenville in 2005,There is a TV series based on this book in the same name. 
Not sure.  Andrew Stanton also wrote Toy Story.  Do you have that?
Is he from Belgium?
I'm glad to help!
Are you interested in learning more about the film? Like the director?
Yes, I like him in the Madagascar. He also starred in Cedric the Entertainer.
2001 I believe.
Okay have fun
You're welcome.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Enjoy, should be a good read!
You're welcome, enjoy! 
I'm a fan of that one too, do you know when it was released by any chance?
I highly recommend it :)
Tim McGraw starred in Friday Night Lights, he also starred in Four Christmases 
He also wrote Franny and Zooey and The Prisoner of Zenda.
It is different.  Enjoy!
Glad to be of help
It is speculative fiction. Xenocide is also the same genre
You are welcocme 
When was it released
It's also known as the Anne Frank Story by Anne Frank.
I hope this information was helpful to you.
Okay wonderful! I'll check it out, thanks for the information!
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy the show!
You're very welcome.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movies
get real
No. He also won the British Open in 2006.
Sure thing!  Have a great day
It does sound great. Can I help with anything else? 
You are welcome.
I never heard of that. I think I'll have to check it out tonight!
So did Danny Huston.
You're welcome!@
Regardless I have to believe the Irish have it, that is what kind of fan I am. 
this is hard
My pleasure.
Enjoy
Okay, I'll look into later then. Till next time
anytime
Good.  It seems you'd like Freakonomics.  Would you like me to add it to your queue?
Great. Enjoy !
Sure. Sending that now.
Definitely recommended.
Agreed! Chris Moore, who produced it, did a fantastic job.
You may also check out Two Years Before the Mast. 
I'd try Amazon.  Enjoy.
You're welcome.
Enjoy.
I need to watch that one! Thanks for the information!
Cool! You might also like the Sequel, How to Train Your Dragon 2, it stars Gerard Butler and Craig Ferguson
Need for Speed was directed by Scott Waugh and has action and crome 
Welcome!
Please click on dialogue is Done!
You're welcome.
Ahh i did not know that did you know Pete Condrad and Paul Motian were both born in Philadelphia
I am not sure .  But i like Michelle Wie too. She's from Honolulu right?
Anything else I can help you with?
not sure what they are about but here are some top reads for her: What Happened to Goodbye, This Lullaby, and The Truth About Forever.
Spain, maybe the city of Santiago.  
I did watch the Iowa State game, honestly in hopes they would have lost haha. Hawkeye fans over here. 
Is there anything else you would like to read or know about?
You got it! Here you go.
Yes! She also starred in I, Robot.
You
Yes, and to have so much talent within one family! Her sister Serena is great as well!
No problem!
Yes, sure Cars, Finding Nemo can be a good recommendation
U2 comes to mind, a rock band that won one year recently.
Great. I'll check it out. I think he's a great actor.
You're welcome.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.. but it's possible!
I can also recommend Career of Evil.
You're welcome, please let me know if I can be of further assistance!
Both Jason Priestley and Billy Zane are in it.
Not sure, but I hope you watch and enjoy.
J. K. Rowling also wrote Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Do you recommend the series?
I think it's looking like that. They were being careful today by not playing Trubisky and despite their record it's not like the Giants are an awful team or anything. Hopefully with Trubisky starting they won't have more losses.
Oh, it absolutely is. Didn't Olivier Giroud play Forward?
Let me know if you need anything else!
Right away! 
She is hilarious! She has also starred in The Stepford Wives.
you are welcome
Great ! Enjoy the movie.
Enjoy.
I don't have the information and I am sorry about it. Have you ever visited Washington D.C?
I don't know, but Harold Ramis and Chevy Chase also participated in writing vacation.
The Handmaid's Tale was written by Margaret Atwood. It follows the story of a handmaiden in a totalitarian world. The story has even been made into a television series.
You're welcome!
Your welcome!!!
I'll try to watch most sport games . Did you know John Farrell was from   Monmouth Beach,CA ?
King's speech is a drama and is direct by Tom Hooper. Colin Firth is the king. It is a great movie
He is an actor that starred in The Godfather, The Conversation, The Paper and he is also a truck driver,
Robert Duvall starred a few Americam Film like tha Apostle, God Father. Have you seen this movie?
Yes. Eminem also starred in Pauly Shore is Dead. He also starred in The Wash and Funny People. 
Yes, it was released in 1984. You might also enjoy Omerta by Puzo, in addition.
Good to know . Thank you. :) 
Yes. You more than welcome.
You are welcome.  I hope that you enjoy the read.
You might prefer another movie that Neeson was in called Batman Begins. It's an action movie you might like.
Welcome
I believe it may be Andrew Davies
You're welcome
You are welcome enjoy you watch.
I think Three Cups of Tea was written by Greg Mortenson? Do you know what genre that is?
Yeah, that is still a mystery isn't it? 
No problem. Glad to help.
You bet! Okay, have fun!
No problem
you are welcome
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy!
Hope you enjoy them
No, but it's in the same genre as Villette. Additional books in the same genre is Great Expecations. I would recommend that book, it's really good.
The Reptile Room is written by Brett Helquist. He is a #1 selling author as well. 
okay, hope you enjoy!
My pleasure!
Your welcome
No problem, I am glad to help. I hope you enjoy the movie!
I do! I enjoyed his movie Big Daddy, have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Enjoy!
It has genre young-adult fiction.
You're welcome
OK then.
So I could end it
It's a fiction book that you will like!
Yes, I am. Hope you enjoy Pygmalion. 
Thank you
Yes, Steve Carell starred in Crazy, Stupid, Love along with Ryan Gosling
Not that I'm aware of. It's a detective novel, fourth in a series. I think you'd like it.
Ah, well, life is busy!  If you want to give her a try, China Dolls is probably not the best one to start with.  Her fans prefer Snow Flower and the Secret Fan. 
Emma Stone was in that one.  
It was release on  March 11, 2011 
Did Forrest Gregg  coached The Green Bay Packers?
i don't know either, I've just heard that Ryan Giggs wa the coach.
Enjoy!
You're very welcome
That is correct! You should definitely watch it, it's really funny.
Do you like Crescendo because is it a Fantasy Movie? 
I have not seen that. It is Children's Literature do you like those types of books? 
I'm always happy to help out!
You're welcome!
Awesome, enjoy! Its definitely a unique film.
Your welcome
It fits into two genres, actually. It's fiction and fantasy. Two of my personal favorites.
Hmmm, I'm not showing what genre it is but it was released in 2009.
Okay, if you enjoy thrillers, you should also try Without Fail.
Welcome!
Welcome
Okay, thanks for checking for me.
Hmm, I don't know that one!  What kind of book is it?
Yes, they're perfect together!
You are welcome!
Millers crossing is another good one
Yes, it is confusing. You're very welcome!
Of course, I hope you like it!
The video for Thriller was sort of a mini movie in itself.
Perfect enjoy them.
I'm not sure how similar they are, but they were both nominated for awards because of how well they were written. The Supernaturalists won the Arthur C Clarke award. 
yes. did they collaborate for the house at pooh corner?
each
No you don't, would you like me to add Happy Gilmore as well?
Yes, this is a great film
No, thanks for your recommendations.
ok. I hope you enjoy them and glad i could help.
You are welcome !
My pleasure. Please let me know if there is anything else I can do
cowboy
Any time. I hope you enjoy!
Excellent.  I will have to watch it.  Thanks for the info.
I do but I didn't like the last season
You are very welcome.  Please let me know if you need anything else
You do have Cloverfield that's in the same drama
Absolutely, Enjoy
Enjoy!
Yes it is.  Do you like Kristen Stewart? She's most famous for Twilight, but I think she's also fantastic in The Messengers. 
I believe that Seth Rogan is a producer as well. If I am not mistaken, I think he was the excutive producer of Funny People starring Maggie Siff.
Enjoy!
I completely agree. I watched an interview of Naomi Osaka, she just looks so innocent. She looks up to Serena though.
Got it, They arre added. I hope you enjoy!
Sure, added to your watch later list.
C ya
Can you play The Great Yokai War for me? 
New York Jets or Giants. Do you have one?
Yes, Kirsten Dunst stars in it as well, it is a Romance film.
You're Welcome!
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Yes their first child was born in 2007 and the 2nd was born in 2009 around the time that all of the scandal about him took place.
They are awesome
Your welcome.
Definitely! Other movies starring Stephen McCole are Perfect Sense and My Name is Joe.
A little bit, not the hugest fan. What about you?
Quite a  few actually: The Camel Club, The Boyfriend List and Ruby Oliver.
I've heard alot of good athletes come from that area.
It is 767 pages in length. Certain prints and editions might vary on that too
I hope you like it.
They are a good team too. Derek Fisher is a great player to have on the team.
thats too bad. who is your fav tennis player?
The Collected Poems contains all of Sylvia Plath's poems. But I would recommend Birthday Letters by Ted Hughes.
Liane Moriarty wrote What Alice Forgot. Have you read it?
You're welcome. Hope you like it.
You are welcome
I did few years but will definitely add it to my watchlist now that I mentioned it. 
Yes it was written by Stephanie Meyer and the film was directed by David Slade. 
lol
You're welcome.
You too.
It  also stars Sarah Paulson and Ed Harris, its a good movie.
I'll add that to your watch list.
Happy reading!
Thank you.
You will enjoy it!
Your welcome Hope you enjoy!
It is non fiction. 
It is not very often Liam Neeson stars in a Science Fiction movie like Battleship. I highly recommend it.
Radamel Falcao, and Javier Mascherano are a couple of his team players.
I apologize I don't show other books by Charles Dickens.
No. Most of them are considered children's literature. Spinelli is a very gifted writer. You might enjoy these books. 
Sure, Playing it now.
Yes, Andy Weir wrote The Martian and it was released in 2012.
ya sorry
Added to your list. Enjoy!
True. He is not only an athelte, he is a celebrity at this point.
He also starred in Stepmom and Copying Beethoven
Oh I forgot it's summer there. I guess he'd rather be at home then rather than playing for Chelsea in cold, wet winter in England!
Tea Rose is written by Jennifer Donnelly. 
It's a beautiful country. I highly recommend it.
Sure, will do!
Shibatora
No problem,
Interesting. I have never heard of them . They might be worth checking out .
Awesome! Enjoy
Do you like The Expendables 2 because Sylvester Stallone was in it?
He is a writer and a musician. He was born in Rio de Janeiro. He wrote Onze minutos.
You are welcome, do you need more information?
No problem!
You're quite welcome.
I hope you enjoy it. 
The movie Red stars actors and actresses Morgan Freeman, Michelle Nolden, Jaqueline fleming and Bruce Willis to name a few.
I hope you like it.
No problem
I am sorry I do not I will have to look it up. 
Will do.
Great! Enjoy!
are u there
No I believe he write films
Thank you for telling me, I'll look into it later.
You're welcome.
It appears to be sometime in 1935
Just say "you're welcome" or something so I can end the dialogue :)
You are welcome.
Sure, In this Christmas ,The one and Up are the movies , do you like more romantic movies of this actor?
Yes, but Milan Kundera was from the Czech Republic
Robert Clohessy, and Nina Arianda
Oh yes, it is also a film. Do you need any other information? 
That's great! I would definitely have my son join in the Summer!
my goodness- I didnt like this one- you did a good job
You're welcome!
Yes I am familiar- he is also the former president of the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America.
Did you watch The Suite Life of Zack & Cody? I think Vanessa was in that too. 
I haven't seen the music video before I'll have to check it out 
No problem! His Dark Materials is also part of the series, so make sure to check that out too.
Yes I do, its a very funny movie starring James Franco, Seth Rogan, and Jonah Hill.  While Rhianna only has a small role, her lines are very funny. Would you like me to send you a link?
In 2014, The Razor's Edge is also a good one to check out.
thats all for today thank you
Sure.  A. I. Artificial Intelligence is a similar movie.  You like war movies?
Glad to be of assistance.
You got it
Thank you. I might check out the book this weekend
enjoy
Cien años de soledad was published in the year 1967. It is about Magic realism. 
Another great movie by Alex Garland that he directed was 28 days later.
Okay. Sending that to your screen now!
No, thanks have a great day.
I think I'll check out Mirror Mirror, Thank you! 
Kim Dickens, Don Cheadle 
Thank you
yeah they won it, justin timberlake sang at halftime
He was. I think he is now with Cori Rist. 
You're welcome
That was perfect, thanks again!
Mansfield Park is a novel. Are you looking for movies that are similar?
Did he also write the Grinch that Stole Christmas?  That must be the real name of Dr. Suess.
It's directed by  Woody Allen.
Sorry, I encountered an error and I don't have that information.
How could I forget him? He's one of the most unique celebrities of all time!  If you like him, you should watch "Its always Sunny in Philadelphia".
I hope you enjoy!
There is a similar book called Things Fall Apart. 
Well the Kansas City Cheifs are currently 1st in the NFC West. Maybe they will make it.
You are welcome! Happy reading!
He wrote a couple of books such as Peep and Leviathan. Have you read those?
It was the same with me, but with the tennis
You're welcome! Have a wonderful day.
The team or the country?
Your welcome.
Treasure Island was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. It is about buccaneers and buried gold.
Yes, it's a Thriller / Sci-Fi.. You should check it out when you have time.
Will do, enjoy!
This book has genre sociobiology and history. Another example of this can be A Universe from Nothing: Why There Is Something Rather Than Nothing.
Anytime!
Thanks for the suggestions. Have a great evening!
Have a good one.
You're welcome, hope you enjoy that one!
Of course, anytime. 
You're welcome
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes she did
They are a premier league so I would hope so!
I was not aware that he was touring. I am sure the price will be astronomical, as he is a legend!
Yes, shes a charming actress who has been in such films as Almost Famous and Elf.
If you like comedy Yaphet Kotto, it's a great movie to watch. Anything else I can help with ? 
Yes, it does.  Do you like DiCaprio's movies?
you can close the dialogue
Enjoy them!
I like Renee Zellweger too. I will take you up on your suggestion about Cinderella Man. Thanks
You're welcome!
Welcome!
He directed The Dark Knight rises also, plus Inception, Interstellar and many other popular action movies.
Enjoy!
Great. Thanks for your help!
Oh I know him, he's a shooting guard right?
Ok, I'll do that right away!
Prometheus is written by Ronald Shusett
Got it!
You're most welcome! Enjoy! It's a good one!
your welcome
Louisa May Alcott wrote Little Women, a coming of age story and Rose in Bloom, a children's literature.
Oh, good. Do you know who wrote Star Wars? 
Enjoy.
Outstanding. In total, the club has won 28 major trophies.
Sure what type of genre were you seeking?
Youre welcome
I think he's an amazing actor and Silence of the Lambs is a classic. 
It was written by Susan Campbell Bartoletti. It is based upon the true story of Helmuth Hübener, the youngest person to be sentenced to death by the Nazis during World War II.
You're welcome
You're welcome.
i like Grigor Dimitrov, do you know him?
No problem, enjoy!
Warner Bros. Entertainment produced Zodiac.
Thanks, I'll mention it in my next message
It is Fantasy/Adventure both movies are great. zoom is starring willie garson
anything else?
Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome!
Sure thing!
That movie is an American political satire.
No, I think I will read A Tree Grows in Brooklyn now. Thank you!
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I hope you enjoy it.
Oh I forgot about that one. That my favorite.
It looks like Whole Lotta Sole is his latest film.  David O'Hara is also in it.  Both of them are great actors!
you're welcome!
Glad I could hrlp
Yes, he starred in A Night at the Roxbury.
No problem! 
He starred in Whatever Works! Are you familiar with that movie?
I think you should definitely try to see one! I also attended their 2015 championship parade- it was a blast!
No. But I'll be watching it tonight! Thanks so much!
Most recently Ant-Man and the Wasp
You're Welcome!
old news
You are welcome
How about The Rosie Project?
Football(soccer) and baseball falls between table tennis and golf as the 7th most popular sport in the world.
OK, great.  I hope you enjoy it!  
She is awesome! Have a great movie night.
You're Welcome
The 1993 version stars Harrison Ford at Dr. Richard Kimble.  
Great!
There is the Divergent trilogy and also written by Veronica Roth is Insurgent
No problem, please enjoy!
Yes, I can!
I am not sure but he also wrote Blink: The Power of Thinking Without Thinking which you should check out
All this talk about Soccer gets me excited to watch it again
Then, you might like Twixt, which is another Coppola film.
Natasha Richardson also stars in The Handmaids Tale and The White Countess
Okay, take care
I like him, too!  I'm also a huge Maroon 5 fan, so I am totally in love with Adam Levine.
I know Cesc Fabregas is a  31 year old Spanish professional football (soccer) player.
Yes it is a good romantic comedy, good for a date night.
It is a good movie. I strongly recommend it .
No problem
Your welcome.
I would also suggest The third Policeman. Anything else I can help you with?
It's a neo noir action thriller film that stars Josh Brolin as a man who is abruptly kidnapped and held hostage for 20 years in solitary. But to be honest the original Korean one is so much better.
Its a comedy about troubled youth
You're welcome
Ok great, Is there anything else I can do for you? 
I am not sure but he was born in Houston too! 
Well, with good reason cause they are not usually very good huh? Do you like basketball or other sports?
You're very welcome!
Lol yea this is crazy
You're welcome!
Along with Russell Crowe, it is a great movie
You're welcome
Sure, The series His Dark Materials is an epic trilogy of fantasy novels by Philip Pullman consisting of Northern Lights, The Subtle Knife and The Amber Spyglass . You can try them. 
Unfortunately I only have information on a book called Beloved a speculative fiction written by Toni Morrison, would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome.
Actually I don't! I do know that Dumas was influenced by Hector Berlioz, a fascinating French composer of the time. 
The movie was released in 2003!
Thank You
You're very welcome!
Matt Dillon and Jeff Perry starred in Wild Things. It's more Mystery and Fiction
Excellent! You are most welcome!
No problem, enjoy!
Great! I also recommend the movie The Spirit starring Scarlett Johansson and  Richard Portnow. Have you seen this one?
Robin's work is awesome! Have you seen Mrs. Doubtfire? It's hilarious!
Awesome, I have read it once and saw the movie a couple of time. 
Yes, Ryan was also  in Blue Valentine but I haven't seen that either.
Those sound great, I will start with those, Thank you for your help
Ok, well have a great day!
Yes, shall I add them to your reading list?
Doing it now. Let me know what you think when your done reading.
You're very welcome, I hope you enjoy that film. 
Your welcome 
Of course. I hope you enjoy them. 
Oscar Wilde wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Importance of Being Earnest. Have you read either of these?
Jhumpa Lahiri
Yeah, I dont even know if he still make music anymore. I can't think of any of his songs either.
ask me do i want to buy it
ok
Yes, that is sure thing, I think if I go to watch on stadium I will like it
No, it its by William Golding.
You might also like American Perfekt.
Glad I could help
Certainly is! If you like comedies, I recommend Zoolander.
You are welcome.
Chris Buck directed Surf's Up, a really cute  Animated film.
I will be sure to do that! Did you need any other recommendations?
Your Welcome
Sure! I'm glad to help!
I like the Dallas Cowboys and the Jacksonville Jaguars. What sport is your favorite?
hello?
You'r welcome, let me know if you need anything else.
have agood day
You're welcome.
Sure The Avengers,Avatar
Walker Percy wrote The Moviegoer and has genre Speculative fiction. Are you into Speculative fiction?
Your welcome.
no that is all
Okay
I'm not familar with Zooey Deschanel, but I will search her on the internet now, and view her body of work.
Avengers: Age of Ultron stars Scarlett Johansson.
My pleasure, let me know if you need more recommendations.
Your welcome 
Is that part of the Batman series?
That sounds good, can you order it for me please.
I'm not also fond of the Minnesota Twins. I think Todd Walker drags the team down. 
Fifty Shades of Grey was released in 2011
I meant "that", not "hat". Sorry.
Yeah Tom Brady and Bill Bellchick are great too. I definitely respect the team.
I don't actually know much about him other than that he is an athlete that plays golf. Do you like golf?
I hope you enjoy it! 
Directed and produced by Christopher Nolan
You are welcome!
I don't think so. He works for the film industry in India.
You into boxing?
You're very welcome.  Enjoy!
Stephanie Perkins, Rainbow Rowell, Myra McEntire and Matt de la Pena are authors as well.
Yes that is true
Absolutely! Glad to help!
i remember Craig Ferguson had his own late night talk show on TV for a while and he also starred on the TV series, The Drew Carey Show
Oh wow ! She sounds very interesting. I will have to look her up.
You are welcome. I hope you will like it.
Yes, and most of his books are genre fiction!
Enjoy them!!
I can't add it to your list, but hopefully you check it out soon!
Glad to be able to help out!
Joely Richardson also starred in this movie. The movie is directed by David Fincher
I like Indie films like Exit Through the Gift Shop and Drive.
It is a 1994 American superhero film
Yes, it was published in 2009.
I have never watched a professional soccer game. Probably should start  since it's getting more popular in the states.
Again, same genre, but different in the aspect it is an animated cartoon. Apocalypse is newer then the others though it came out in 2016.
Enjoy.
The Rosie Project was written by Graeme Simsion. 
You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else?
There is a version of The Crucible written by Arthur Miller as well 
You're Welcome
Prisoner is a psychological thriller. Have you seen it?
Sure, your welcome. I do not really follow him that well.
Yes, she did. That was released in 2015. It is martial arts. Are you interested in that?
Sure, no problem!
still with me? Tool seems to be very slow again.
You got it. Enjoy!
You are welcom.  Enjoy!
You're WELCOME
I'm always here to help!
You're welcome.
Any thing else I can assist with?
Im not sure, but I check you should check out Black House and Воскресение. Both are great books.
I hope you like them!
good idea also check out Wasim Akram very good
That's weird. It must be glitching. I'll end the dialogue
Great!  Glad I could help!
You're welcome!
You're very welcome!
Enjoy your movie time!
You're welcome! Enjoy your book!
need more time
Inception is a good movie, i watched it and other is Shutter Island
Get Rich or Die Tryin' has genre Biographical film and Crime. 
It's past 10 turns
Enjoy the books!
Oh wow, that is very interesting. What else do you know about him?
Absolutely, have a great day
That's correct. I also suggest checking out Evil Under the Sun. Its really a good movie as well.
A few examples from the genre of historical novels are the valley of horses, and The Winter King.
I hope you enjoy.
You are most welcome. Happy reading!
Welcome
I like pop songs, do you?
I haven't seen either of them but I'll check them out. She's a great actress!
Right?  I am so over Tom Brady!  Enough already!
I am sorry, as far as I know she hasn't authored any romance novels.
Yes. Hope i was able to help
Take care!
You're welcome! Have fun!
She's incredible for sure. You're welcome!
He was also in The Three Musketeers. You should definitely check that one out as well.
awesome what else could i do for you today?
He wrote the Two Towers which was released in 1954.  
Your welcome
You're welcome!
I agree, the Houston Texans may give them a run for their money.
No,problem I hoped that help!
Happy reading 
No Problem, Enjoy.
My pleasure! Enjoy!
It's a thriller with sci-fi elements.
I think I need to see that. Is it comedy central
Yes Mia Kunis starred in Friends with Benefits she also starred in Date Night
Yes, I believe so. I dont have any more on that family right now.
1996 was when it was released along with The Lunatic Cafe. 
You're welcome! Here it is...
Marcel Mauss is also influenced by Emile Durkheim. 
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it.
It's Sean Connery.
She directed The Matrix with Keanu Reeves.  Have you seen that one?
Great! Another Historical period dram is the Last Station if you need another movie.
I have The Fighter and Knight of Cups.
With the Buccaneers, he won Super Bowl XXXVII in 2003 in his first year with the team, defeating the Raiders, who had traded him to Tampa Bay the previous offseason
I guess I'd say it's a little of both. Ryan Gosling is also in it. 
For who?
Have you seen Transformers? It is also written by Roberto Orci and has Sci-Fi genre. The Island is alone great movie with the same writer and genre.
It was released in 2004.  That was the same year that 高校デビュー 1 was released.  Oh...do you even speak Japanese?
Yea, I think its a hilarious movie.  I have a feeling you'd like it!
You are welcome .Glad i could help.
It's my understanding that he's a forward.  Not sure if that's the same thing or not
I'm not sure if Pierre Perrier starred in that one? The Returned was released in 2013 and it stars Emily Hampshire.
You are so welcome!
hello?
That just brought back some memories. Maybe that didn't seem so bad to me since when I went to Minute Maid it was scorching hot and crowded. That's what killed the experience for me.
I believe it was released 2014 same year To all the Boys I've Loved Before came out. It's a crime fiction book. 
Sure, I'll add it to your watch list.
I love Tyra. I watch America's Next Top Model often! I loved her in the movie Life Size, too.
I don't really follow sports, what football team do you like?
Absolutely, Good day
It is a thriller, similar to Wonderland.
Yes she did. It was released in 2003. It is a classic Sci-Fi 
If you like action, I also recommend Death Sentence. It is very action packed!
ok
You're welcome!  You won't be disappointed.
Enjoy
Juliet Marillier, wrote that book.
Very good.  Enjoy!
You're welcome
Your welcome 
James Franco and Molly Parker are also in the film.
You are very welcome. I hope you enjoy it. 
Will do.
You're welcome.
Wow, maybe she'll be the next Mandy Moore
Rick Riordan is an author of a lot of books.
Aw Shucks, better luck next time.
