I want you to put your hands behind your head ! You are under arrest !
It is really a hot potato .
What other sources of energy do you use ?
Let's go !
Yes , I like travelling . I am young , and unmarried . It ' s no problem for me to travel frequently .
we can ' t . if we went that fast , we would break the speed limit .
You can take it in a couple weeks .
Thank you very much .
But you must cook that dinner next time .
I can't really deal with any distractions right now , but I appreciate the nice evening we spent together .
Well , now I want to change the date from 24th to 28th .
Oh , I just remembered I've got a report to write .
I'll call the lost and found office .
Can you hold it for me ?
It's free of charge .
Thank you so much , Mr . Sandals . We look forward to seeing you !
I'll just go and check it for you , sir .
That's very kind of you . Thank you .
These roses should make your wife very happy .
Yes , but 4 of them are broken . Can you send someone here ?
Here you go . Don't do that again .
Sure .
There are three in my family , my parents and myself . My father is a teacher and my mother is a worker .
I know it does , and that's because it is .
Thanks . How much would that come to ?
Thank you very much . See you then .
Good . Anything else ?
Thank you very much .
what would you do without me ?
Of course . I've loved writing since I was a very little boy . I won the first prize in a national composition contest when I was in middle school . After attending Nanjing University , I never give up writing . My works , such as Father's Tobacco Pipe , Open Air Cinema , The old City were respectively published China Youth Daily , Yangzi Evening News , and New Beijing . During the period of studying for my degrees of master and doctor , I paid more attention to developing my research ability and published several papers . The Impact of Internet in Chinese Political Participation , The Discipline of Remold , The Historical Direction of Chinese Administration Reform , Bribery Cases of Self governance in Chinese Villages are respectively published in Chinese Publish Administration , Beijing Due Xuebao , Theory and Society and Chinese Reform . I joined in Yangzi Evening News to work as a part-time journalist in 2006 . During this period , I've written a lot of comments , which improved my writing ability to a new level , I have full confidence in my writing ability , and I believe I can do the job well .
My name is Ron Kollwitz .
Yes , it was quite a long flight . I'm glad to finally be here .
Why don't you ask Bill if he can help ?
Above all , I have learned that what is good for the company is good for me . So I follow the instructions strictly and always keep my boss informed .
I just don't know how to bring it up . Well , all right . She has the right to know anyways .
That was very lazy of you .
That sounds absolutely fantastic .
Here you go . By the way , is it possible to cash them before the maturity comes up ?
Can I have my $ 200 please ?
Fine . Well , thanks for calling and letting me know you will be absent . I hope you feel better soon .
That would be great ! Is it expensive ?
I'll go home and get Sara's number . I'll call her first myself .
Could I have some fruit ?
Not bad . The fur market is not very brisk lately , but the selling season is advancing near . I hope there will be more buyers in the market this year .
You are welcome .
that ' s another quid .
It's my pleasure .
That's fine .
Sure . And I'd like you to get some cold medicine for me when you go to the doctor's .
Unleaded , please .
So do I .
I believe so .
Where are the keys ?
Sure . Just leave it to me . I'll finish it .
OK . I will wait for you inside the restaurant
It's a quarter to 12 . Could you please drive a little faster ?
It must be most precious .
you are welcome .
I'm afraid it wasn't . And when the police get here , you will also see that it wasn't . But enough of this bickering . I'm going to go find a phone . Don ' t move that arm while I'm gone . Alright ?
Wonderful ! How much is the ticket ?
That's fine with me . How much time are we going to have to work on this ?
We still prefer French dressing .
Thank you .
It may not be true , but the first and lasting impression of you is determined by your clothes and behavior .
Well , anything is better than nothing . Wait and see .
That's OK .
OK , thanks for checking . Could you give me a ring when it arrives , please ?
I would prefer the first one .
That sounds fine , thanks for that . Let's go ahead !
I'd appreciate that .
Okay . Thanks .
Thank you . Please get some soap for us .
Oh ? What ' s wrong ?
Ok , I will contact you in a week . See you .
But I am her brother , not her servant .
No problem . Good luck
They're imported from New Zealand . Four for 50NT . Nine for a hundred .
thanks . I appreciate that .
May I try it on ?
Yes , sir . I apologize for that . Here ' s the file you were looking for , Mr . Emory .
Sorry , I'm using it myself . But you can use it this afternoon .
Good for you , Leslie !
You're welcome . Please come again .
Thanks for your concern .
Well , maybe I can put them in the airport storage there .
No , thanks . I'm on a diet .
Not at all .
Better late than never .
It's a wise thing to do . Art will do a child a world of good .
Thank you . Bye .
I'm sorry . I can't quite follow you . Would you mind speaking slowly ?
Yes , it's so helpful .
No , thanks .
I'm afraid he's fully engaged . Could you make it another time ?
I would like that . Thank you .
No , I haven't got one by now . I will go to the interview of yours .
That works for me . Let's see what we can each do about planning our part and meet again on Friday .
What's the matter ?
No , thank you .
Over there .
Don't count on it , Babe . eBay is always full of surprises .
Okay . Enjoy your browsing .
OK . But just let me pick up a bottle of cooking wine and oil as we go by .
I appreciate you calling and telling me that you won ' t be in class . See you next week !
Let me see . I can come out and see you first thing Wednesday .
I have the same question . I can ' t send out mails . We ' d better call the IT department and ask them to check it immediately .
I'm sorry , dad . But I would rather stay at school than go to cram school .
OK , I'll listen to you .
There you go . Problem solved .
I'll be with you in a minute .
Thank you .
I'll certainly look into that .
It's two hundred and eighty dollars .
Thanks .
Immediately .
You should always remember that one customer one file is the rule .
That's wonderful . OK . I'll remember that . But I have to warn you that you must drive very carefully in the downtown area , for there're no separate lanes for motor vehicles and bicycles in some places , and still quite a few people don't take road regulations seriously .
I think that we have seen all that we need to see here . Let ' s go look at another house .
I recommend you the white wine . It will wake up your appetite .
You wouldn't do a thing like that !
Yes , Mother , but my arm is longer .
Okay , sir . Have a pleasant evening .
Yes , I have , Mr . Thomas . We'll pack them two dozen to one carton , and the gross weight is around 25 kilos a carton .
I'm sure you'll pass it .
Suit yourself . Don ' t forget to set the alarm clock .
Thank you very much .
Let ' s also go to the jewelry store to buy a crystal necklace . I want to buy one for you as your birthday present .
I have heard its name is connected with someone , is that right ?
No , thanks . I ' m all set . Good-bye .
All right . No problem . What ' s your extension ?
Well . I shouldn ' t have any trouble recognizing him . What time does his flight arrive ?
That's everything .
Yes , I'm good with people .
Yes , of course . Excuse me . Could you possibly let us see your menu ? Oh . They haven't got one either .
I see . Can I pay by traveler ' s checks ?
Just a second . I'll go get some .
If you need anything else , just let me know .
It was the same as the last place I worked at . I was hoping you ' d be different .
I think you'll really like the food there .
For shipment , you know we are producing a complete set of equipment for you and it won't all be finished at one time . So would you allow us to make partial shipments .
What about this one ? It's a very nice 3 - piece suit .
All right . We accept it . So $ 600 for each set .
Yes . And you're Mr . Jones , I remember .
Thanks for giving me the opportunity of this interview .
Well , you'd better lie down now . You need a good rest .
People who are honest , dedicated to their work and having integrity .
Hello , everybody . I am Monica and this is my first day at work . I am working in the finance department . I am very happy to meet everyone and I am looking forward to working well with all of you . I am very happy to be one of the team and I will do my best to get into the working situation as soon as possible . By the way , call me Monica . Everybody calls me so .
I sometimes played table tennis and sometimes played basketball .
What's the criteria for staff to attend ? Are we only including our management team in this affair ? Or will we be extending invitations to lower level employees to attend ?
You should try swimming then . It helps you to keep fit .
I can type 80 words a minute , basically no mistake , and can take dictation in English at 120 words per minute .
That's fine . By the way , please have that suit dry cleaned .
Yes . You've got to cut down on bread and potatoes and take more exercise .
It's not easy to keep a good habit , you know . I fear that if I fail to get up early one day , I may find it still more difficult to rise early the next . Besides , a mere walk in the early morning is much fun , too . Here and there in the park , you meet whole gangs of senior citizens who might be singing operas or old songs , playing er'hu , chess , or just chatting and gossiping . It's interesting to join them .
They're on special offer today .
You'd better bring some medicine for airsickness .
When I have confirmed the times with the owners , I will e-mail you our plans for the day .
Here you are .
What do you mean ?
Enough is enough . I know .
I'm sorry , Mrs . Lin . We don't allow smoking in the office .
Tomato or orange juice , please .
That sounds about right .
It's 86 coach and 175 berths
No problem .
Thank you !
Sounds good . Thanks a lot .
Ok , the mirror is over there .
High hells , please . I want to wear them in formal situations .
I ' ll come down and watch you play some day , and see what it ' s like .
Now we have to make a choice about what we will see and what we won't .
The material is so abstract that I have trouble understanding it .
Yes , that's what I am looking for . I will take the room for 2 days .
Oh , that ' s great . Thanks Grace . Can you give me her number ? I ' ll talk it over with Dan and give her a call tomorrow . Maybe this way I won ' t be so tired every day , and Dan and I might even get to go
You should be , because you ' re a part of history .
Could I have look at that pair of canvas shoes ? They look nice .
All the sightseeing in china is very attractive and crescive . travelling to China is very worth one . thank you so much for your guides , and I'll miss you .
Alright , I'm twisting it around . You tell me when to stop .
I'll try .
How can I ever thank you ? I owe you a big favor .
Then I have to call another taxi , or I'll be late .
Yes . They will be ready in a few minutes .
Sorry again for bothering you .
Thank you .
I am going there , too . We can walk together .
And what is more , in traditional Chinese thinking , cranes and pine trees symbolize longevity .
Yes , it's $ 167 .
No . I'll try them . Sounds good .
We expect the usher girl to be good-looking , no less than 165 centimeters high , and love smiling .
Thanks for your help , Ralph !
Thank you . You ' Ve been very helpful .
All right , Maria . I ' ll give you until tomorrow at 4:00 to produce a satisfactory piece of work , but otherwise , you ' ll have to re-do it .
Can I spy on you guys from the window ?
I'd like to have some more . It's really good .
No , a No . 50 will take you right there .
Yes . It will be expensive , but we think it will be worth it . It gives us great peace of mind to know that our reception is in the hands of experienced people .
Sure , go ahead .
What ' s wrong with that ? Cigarette is the thing I go crazy for .
If it makes you feel any better , other guests feel the same way .
Goodbye and see you tonight . Miss Rose .