why did you feel guilty? people really should not drive drunk.
yeah he was punished hes in jail still
sorry again! hope you will get relief from this sadness. please concentrate on your interests to divert your mind from this.
wow, that is awesome! i have never been to an actual concert.
jeez! its so unfortunate. very sad really. 
which one?
no problem. what kind of work does he do?
that is always number one goal.
oh i see. they must miss you, too.
yes. i do not have a facebook.
yes i do not like walmart.
that is a tough situation.
that is a full time job raising a human
that is a good idea! this way you can also meet friends for yourself, but also maybe meet new friend's for your children to hang out with while you do with their moms!
yes, i have heard some parents do not ever say no to their kids. makes no sense
i understand that, i hope things work out well for you both in the end!
yes, i could not agree more. it is remarkable how your feeling suddenly change.
oh i am sure. i would not like to be in a situation like that. good thing everything worked out for you.
oh wow, that is awful. stuff like that really teaches you to appreciate what you've got and to not take it for granted.
exactly, i get that entirely!
that is so sweet of them, i hope you enjoyed it!
well i used to be lonely a lot but i eventually found someone. i think you will too.
that is how it goes, sometimes you can just figure them out immediately
that has happened to me too many times to count
uau, what a surreal moment.i always believe kids have a lot to teach us.
yes it did. i believe she just waited it out and tried to neutralize the conversation when we were together. 
you can track her down to say sorry, or would that be creepy?
i have something totally different. my boss is clueless to the world and have no business being a leader. 
that is how life goes! different schedules and demands, i am sure she is so thrilled when she *does* get to see you!
my first thought was "california" but then there is venice [italy] and then either way, that is an amazing destination!
that is a real bummer, but as they say, there are plenty of fish in the sea!
i practice boxing. i love to punch the sandbags.it is very therapeutic.
oh poor thing.  i hope she is doing better now.  losing a pet is extremely hard!
which one are you going to california or florida ?
yeah, i miss my dad.  he died several years ago.  what kind of car is he looking for?
my big thing is i am like o' i may need that leave it out of the tote box. before i know it i have more stuff laying around then when i started.
text and emails are still the best option., until a nw way is created.
maybe once you feel like you can bring it up again, you can try to approach the topic from another angle.
that must have been quite the culture shock, glad it all worked out though!
yea for sure, i definitely learned that sometimes life just works in a funny way. when's the last time you have been really disappointed? 
i guess he wanted to be available if she needed him.
oh my! i am glad she apologized!
yes, we should try to yourself heathy
one of them is! i have an 18 year old and a 12 year old.
it would be hard to replicate that day for sure, but i bet you have a lot to be confident about. you got this!
your so lucky. insurance is my number one worry every month. 
woah plot twist. she brought him along to meet you? 
pcb is where we always go! if you want to drive a little bit, go to hunts in pcb it is off the beaten path but the best seafood and prices just go early (like 4oclock) for dinner or you will not get in!
is she always a flake? maybe time for a new friend?
i am glad that nothing happened.
oh no! is she okay?! do not beat yourself up too much, you could not have ever imagined that she had been in an accident.
i love fireball.
that is horrible. will they reschedule?
wow, what happened?
that is great.
i think you got it man! congratz!
i am very glad it has a happy ending. sounds a bit scary
did you ever tell your friend?  
i wish refrigerators would have a warranty that replaced food when they went bad. 
super tough situation, i think you should let her know, and let her decides next
well, i am sure mom had a laugh! i can imagine how you felt at the time though!
sounds awesome! do you have a beachside beverage or traditions that you enjoy? (mine would be tequila + lime..very jimmy buffett)
yes, i was the same way too! i started working two days after i turned 16 so i could have my own money too!
yes me too now if everyone would just take our lead
first time parent?
actually i am not, but it sounds very interesting and by working with different organizations, i would imagine it is also exciting and new every day.
yes men are definitely a bad idea when it comes to life and business
that is so funny! i do not think she will want to be compared to an ant when she gets older. you will have to remind her.
those words are the things we cherish more than any other thing, i love it when my girls do that!
no, nothing at all
ha!  what a neat day to announce it did they do any special kind of announcement?  i see so many videos of interesting and neat ways to make that announcement.
i have not heard of that one.  what genre does it fall in?
that is great have you found another job yet?
people are so rude when they drive these days
that happened to me too. with the other exorcist movies and the ring movies. even though they scared me, i was too curious to not see the others.
that is great. i wish i had someone so close like that!
oh, i see. i am not much of a horticulturist but it makes sense that it could be over-saturated.
so what breed did you get ?
do you find the home buying experience worth it?
and do not forget how many years they have to study in order to get a license for surgery
that sounds like a great career plan. you will be filling a very important role in the physician's practice!
maybe i will try that. do you think it will work?
so exciting! it can be fun to have a roommate
where i grew up did not have one nearby so i get a little jealous hearing about it.
oh ok. i completely understand. i had a friend share a post about making mix tapes from the radio with a cassette player. totally remember doing that!
well, i was referring to my own kids. they have adjusted well at 17 and 19.
yeah it was so boring. even my kids got bored and they had been dying to see it,
sorry to hear that. i found that it helps to have multiple savings accounts, so whenever you get a certain amount of money (like $5, $10) save it and be strict not to spend it.
okay, it was not just one, it was three: one cherry, and two grape. how anyone can eat just one at a time? oh, the number of wrappers was also brought up. like, i do not care if yuo bought them for the kids, i am part of this household as well. i tried to make it a teaching moment about how if you do not get the popsicles first someone else would, but i think my arguments have been falling on deaf ears for awhile now,
that is horrible. i am really sorry about your friend. 
that is incredible! i swear some things in life are determined by fate. i am glad you were able to get a car.
lol.you had to beg your husband for a surprise party??
well atleast you have something to help you guys.
that is great! my b.s. ( i always hate saying that because i have to say i have my bs in psychology) is in psychology.
wow, seriously i hate those pets being around me
congrats ,that is a step forward
that must have been really hard. 
wow. that is impressive.  are you guys still friends?  maybe he could get you a job in one of his stores.
well why did you have it if it belonged to them?  did you pawn it?
i know what you mean.  however, the older i get the more i want to go back.
so sad!  i am sorry.  do not feel too bad its natural for them to want to be outside.
oh yes but it is not as bad and you cannot call it dying like in cancer patient 
i do not think sushi is that good too. the best option is to stop eating them in any form of food
that is how all pranks should be!
oh that is too bad. ): i do not want to overstep but i always like to encourage people to hold on to their love for each other no matter what trials come up. 
do not give up on love.it the best feeling ever to experience. wish you well.
that will be better. talk to her before you lose her
i wish my friends bought me alcohol, that would make for a hell of a night! 
that must be hard i always wished i had a sister though i have a brother 
that is not good at all. that is a very scary situation.
i live in a place where it only snows once in 10 years. so, i think i am passing on that
you should spend time with her whilst you can. my mum died and i wish i had been with her more.
i did not revise. sometimes exams are failed and things are not corrected.
yes i do love my mom very much.
that will help you know her stand on your relationship
it pays decent and feeds the kids so i cannot complain.
sometimes it is good to have something you enjoy make money so you can pursue your passion without worrying about it.
i understand being fascinated by them they can be very intriguing. maybe you should stop watching as many though. 
yeah, i am sad about the whole left vs. right thing in general. ultimately we should all be uniting against the corrupt people that are running amok in the government. 
lovely. that is really great. wishing you all the best
i am happy for you wish i could find a nice lover like that.
that is great. it sounds like a very good situation to be in.
i know it is hard to build the confidence needed to do something like that, but you do not want to keep them to yourself. if you really think she is the woman of your dreams then you have to try
well did you have any story or anything that you had in mind that you wanted to tell me? i told you a story of mine before so you owe me haha.
yes.  too many people these days are mean to one another!
that is good, death is a natural part of life.
yes,u will surely get over it
yes, married for 15 years and it is still great.
i am i love them very much. however we live on opposite parts of the country.
but did you tell your friend about it later?
my goodness, well i guess that happens to all of us at least once.
west coast is fun, but it can be expensive.
i think that is a good news for you both since you are not married
get your self a friend to stay with for a couple of months.
wow, i belief u can make it.
sounds like a cupboad cleaning is necessary. if they ain't around, they cannot be eaten.
really? so she would have travelled with him
where was this?
yes,it really hurts
soryy, may she rest in peace, please try comfort your wife
oh wow, that outta pay very well.
hahaha you put the hammer down good for you bro. how are things with the new wife going?
you really need to let him know not to do that again, he could've really gotten himself and others hurt!
yeah i have. what is your brothers name?
the dress was a few years old, i could not believe it did not fit.
a latte.
that is good to know,keep it up
so, how did you now do it
just give it a trial
oh no! those cookies sure do sound delicious though.
oh man, you gotta super clean it, have the professionals do it even 
good to know.  i will do it like it next time.
that is great my man! i cannot wait for my first son. so far 6 daughters
it is better to do what you are passionate about. do that and success follows
god works in mysterious ways
just goes to show that people can be amazing. just never give up, persistence is the key
that sounds terrible! i hope everything gets sorted! be positive 
haha, your a player.
must have been quite a sight. 
hope u will not indulge in such act like theft again?
wow, that is a really good club
awesome! any daughters? what will be your sons name?
lol. do not do the crime if cannot face the bat ;)
amen! so true. its especially awesome when he picks us up in every fall. his love never fails
well that is good and bad. hopefully the joke did not carry on too long
me too. i always end up on the 90s hip hop station on pandora.
someone should have sued them.
that is good. you have a good heart
yes jesus can save you if you ask him.  he always forgive.
wow, interesting.
hahahaa, its not easy though, i would have done same
oh wow. i have never heard of that many sick days.
oh, she should not have done that
oh no
but it is really cool atimes
well were pretty close in age
yeah he might do a pretty good job as that character.
that is a great attitude to have. you should keep with that.
yes i understand, it is really sad when you find that people you have known a long time can be very different from what you thought.
awww but it is still good that you did not push him, cox it might lead to something else 
wow! i better! i stopped at associates of general studies, because i wanted to be a mom more. so that is a huge step for you! 
i bet! hard work pays off
i am sure they forgave you in the end.
i totally agree, new music is not as good.
did not that game come out a few months ago? i got it shortly after i released and i was not very impressed. it was not a bad game, but it certainly was not the best game.
cool. maybe next year you will be a partner!
ah! that is quite understandable. it is tricky at first and non-intuitive. i practiced driving in reverse with cones in an abandoned lot. 
hmmm! that is just annoying being an alcoholic. i purely understand your situation as i have gone through it. well! life goes on.
yeah whispering in someones ear is weird
cool.  hope he gets it, i hear they pay pretty well
i would be too. 
fantastic, now do you have a job lined up?
man, how was your insurance policy for that?
what started the fist fight in the first place?
everything old makes a come back!
over priced food is no fun. i like dollar menus.
man that is scary! granted i like to hear things about that. 
wow that is really cool! you must be happy to know about that stuff its interesting!
some people are like that. did you tell your husband?
great, i hope you have a nice trip. how long will you be staying?