Running with Scissors is considered Reference, Memoir, and  Biography. It's sequel to Sellevision.
It is written in English and about the topic friendship, it is a serie.
I like basketball games more then soccer. 
Sure, I have sent it. Enjoy!
Sorry took me a second to find adventure films.
Yes,He is poet
You might be interested in some of the movies she has done voice-work in.  These include Shrek 2 and Enchanted.
Excellent! Have a good one.
Yore welcome!
Powers Boothe, Dana Delany both starred alone Michael Biehn.  
Sure thing! Have a great weekend!
Great! I hope I have been helpful. Have a nice day.
It looks like he went to University of Oklahoma.  They churn out quite a few professional players.
Hello, yes I think The Night Circus is a good novel.  It is a fantasy 
Are you looking for a particular genre by the same author?
Glad to help!
The Lighthouse was released in 2017 and is modern literature.
No problem, enjoy!
Haha, well I just think he is very talented. Did you know he work?
Charlaine Harris wrote Dead to the world, Dead as a Doornail, Club dead
You are welcome. Enjoy your evening.
Russell Crowe is so good in that!
from prada to nada
Okay, enjoy!
I honestly don't know, but I know they are a midfielder
You are welcome
Enjoy the movie!
Great, I'll add it to your watch list.
Simon Pegg actually wrote Shaun of the Dead
It is a thriller as is most of Hitchcocks films, I would suggest watching many of them. 
The last movie in the X Men series - Deadpool released in 2018 starrs Ryan Reynolds, Josh Brolin
Great. Thank oyu.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, great football team from France. I don't follow their type of football too much tho.
Enjoy your book!
You're Welcome!
I will check this out, thank you
No problem, enjoy! 
That was a great year for readers!  Have you read Ya-Yas in Bloom by Rebecca Wells?  It's my favorite from '05.
I enjoy movies as well, we are horror fanatics in our home. 
Will do. Talk to you later. If you have any questions that is!
Peter Greene
Yes, the movie John Adams released in 2008 is about The life of one of the USA's Founding Fathers, its second President, John Adams, and his role in the nation's first 50 years.
Yes, Julia Roberts plays Tinkerbell in the children's movie Hook.
It is a book by Harper Lee but it was turned into a film directed by Robert Mulligan. The book won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
No problem, I am happy yo help. Enjoy!
Oh yeah! They are out of Lisbon! Isnt there a TV show they appear on sometimes?
your welcome
hungry caterpillar would be a good read
Fast Food Nation : The Dark Side of the All-American Meal is about the  how the fast food industry is distroying America's health. 
No, I haven't.  Maybe I'll check it out.
 Wasim Akram, Shoaib Malik, and  Imran Khan are all on this team.
Enjoy!
You bet. I hope you enjoy it. 
He is a popular country artist, have you heard of his song Country Girl (Shake It for Me)?
Really, in what movie?
no problem
I thought he should have just retired as a Packer. He was a great player though.
You're welcome, hope you enjoy it
Yes your right same  producer. I need to add Punisher to my list of movies to watch. Thanks for the information!
I agree. I loved The Proposal. It was so funny. 
It is a Science Fiction book released in 2011.
Yes! They escaped but were deeply impacted by it. He was hopeful that his tennis success would  help lift spirits there.
Definitely ! I must see. Thanks for the information.
You are correct, there were released on the same year. Enjoy!
I hope you enjoy it!
Oh for sure. He was a great tight end for the Bears.
Glad I could help! I hope you enjoy the movie.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
You are welcome. Check out the The Croods since it has Cleese as a writer just like Life of Brian.
Glad I could provide such interesting facts!
Ed Sheeran has sung many duets including Perfect with Beyonce.
Certainly!  Let me know if there is anything else I can do for you.
I don't know the titles by heart. Who are your favorite songwriters?
He frequently produce electropop music. 
The genre is childrens literature and coming of age.
right have you ever seen a game live in person?
Whoa!
Don't really know any other romance novels by her but A Tangle Web is another book that was written by her that for the adult audience. 
Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, Im Westen nichts Neues is written by Erich Maria Remarque and  was released 1929
It is actually a thriller.
Yes, of course/
Yeah all three of them were in it.
Enjoy!
Yes Michael Jordan
Nate Clements, the Cornerback is having a good season. He's from Shaker Heights! 
Great.  I'm sure that you will like them.  Enjoy!
No worries.
He's one of the best!
Yup, like Treasure Planet - it could be a fun way to learn a new language. 
Don't forget to hit use facts :)
Yes, I can suggest you What Lies Beneath, Videodrome and Vanilla Sky
No problem, I am happy to help! Let me know if you would like any other suggestions.
I hope you enjoy!
It was released in 2003.  
You're welcome! 
Very talented man.
I dont have that information but Wayne Brady is an example actor.
You are welcome.
The Greatest Showman is starring Hugh Jackman, Zendaya, Zac Efron, and many more! A highly recommended movie!
You're welcome. Happy to help!
The Painted Veil, also released in 1925 is a  drama. 
Sure! She's also starred in Eyes Wide Shut, and was great in Batman Forever!
Absolutely! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nice! Is your favorite player Tom Brady?
Yes I would!
Maybe that's what makes him ultra popular, the fact that he's been married to Posh Spice, from the Spice Girls. Victoria Beckham was a 90's music icon.
You're welcome! Enjoy.
Glad to help
Okay.I am glad I could help.
Enjoy! 
Of course!  You are most welcome.  
Glad I could help you discover something new!
Great! I hope you enjoy this series.
Can I help with you with anything else?
 know an interesting fact about True Lies, it was mostly filmed in Washington, D.C. Do you want to hear more?
You got it
It's a novel by Sara Gruen published in 2007 and also a film released in 2011.
Yup Space Jam that's a classic as well. Yes Tennis is cool to watch as well!
that does not sound like a movie for me but thamks for help anyway!
Added! Is there anything else I can do for you?
It's supposed to be the Cincinnati Bengals since they're in my area but I'm getting pretty fed up with them, too. Some teams can never achieve greatness in the league, no matter how many decades pass. Do you have a favorite?
I like it because it has real life football players like Troy Aikman. Do you remember him?
My thoughts exactly, and now I can't get it out of my head ha!
You're welcome.
I think I heard of that movie.  is it about Hitchhiking?
Hope you enjoy them!
your welcome
Yes, I would, it is a romance novel released in 2003
Amazing, huh? Well  enjoy the rest of your day.
I didn't know that's where Breakfast Club was filmed. Cool fact!
Agreed. Music really heals the soul.
As of matter of fact I've not. Well, I'll look into it later then
I know that The Goldfinch is written by Donna Tartt and it was released in 2013.
Excellent. Enjoy
Glad to help
Yea, I don't know if you've ever seen the drama Girl, Interrupted? He produced that.  It was directed by James Mangold.
William Lee Scott starred also starred in Nine Dead, which is a thriller
It was 1937 as well 
Ok. Hungry Hill and Mary Anne are some other books by Dauphne du Maurier.
Inception starring Tom Hardy?
Cecelia Ahem wrote The Gift and The Book of Tomorrow. Both are excellent books. 
They are probably who I follow most closely.  I like the coaching style of Jose Mourinho.
I've not, but you could enlighten me what genre this movie fits in
You're welcome!
As long as they have Brady and their incredible head coach, they seem to be unstoppable. I would like to see some other teams given a chance, though.
It's a movie.
Enjoy it!
I'm usually a Pats fan, but lately tend to root for the underdog. :)
I think that's just one film he did with Keira Knightley.
That was released in 1996 and Geena Davis, Samuel Jackson, and David Morse starred in it
Can I help with anything else? 
Yes, J.R.R. Tolkien wrote There and Back Again.
Great, I hope you like them!
I don't have more information about her, but I do have a couple of facts about Tiger Woods. He won the 2006 open championship a British open
Yes she did along with Rollo Weeks and Gina McKee. 
Yes, I read his stats and he is a good player 
Glad to be of assistance!
You are welcome.
She did the voice of Taffyta Muttonfudge, who was one of the princesses that Vaneloppe raced against.
You mean in the Premier League matches?
I like Desperado, you should watch this one.
Ok!  I'll send it to you now.
just wing it. :)
I don't believe so
Oh! Do you know who won the gold medal that year?
you are welcome
Great Expectations is a great book written by Charles Dickens. Have you seen any of the movies based on Charles Dickens books?
what languages do you translate?
Your welcome 
You're welcome!
Thanks for that. Add it to my book list please.
Ok. Anything else with James Franco?
Does that movie have a sequel also written by him?
The Thing is starring Ulrich Thomsen
You're very welcome! Hope you have a wonderful day.
Great!  I hope you enjoy it.  Have a great day!
Great! I also recommend the movie Psych.
You are welcome, enjoy the movie!
Bernie Mac is in it.  Chris was also in Madagascar if you like animated films or Grown Ups with Adam Sandler and Kevin James
I hope you like it!
Thought you'd agree
It's a coming of age film about three friends who take a road trip. 
Are these also historical romance novels?
William starred in Visiting Hours, and Star Trek V: The Final Frontier.
Yes, I like very much. Specially the classics on the 70s Pele
The Chronicles of Narnia is part of series with The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. That may be similar.
Interesting. Maybe I'll give that a try instead. Thanks!
yes, she won
No problem. enjoy.
still there?
I know Tom Brady plays for the Patriots but I do not know much either
No, I don't think so.  However, she did edit the novel, Agnes Grey.  
no i do not
You're welcome. Enjoy
sorry 
You're welcome.
Absolutely, have a wonderful day. And enjoy, I will be here if you would like more recommendations
Yes like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee and Dustin Milligan