i bet it is oh i could not
yeah but i go to church every sunday so my weekends are usually booked
i see . that is very cool . i enjoy hearing about other practices .
do you where do you go ?
i am not much fun either . so what else is new with you ?
jazz . i love the smooth tunes !
that is what is good for the body and spirit .
i would love to help . i am not able to practice yet though
do you want to write a story about a major meat eating bodybuilder ?
lol . i have bought neutral colored items for her but she likes girly clothes .
i bet it is hard , like karate .
yes it was very nice to visit where the movie was made at .
i only like to eat animals . they look funny
being a single parent is not easy . thanks for the encouragement .
you have two ? do you have two wives ?
can you play any instruments ?
that sounds fun ! i have not played poker .
so very true . i try to focus on my education instead of my heartache .
10 years and people say i am an awesome cook . lots of repeat customers
okay going out to walk some more .
what are you going to make ? give me some ideas ! !
next thing i know i am peeling onions and my cell mates cat is pissing on my bunk !
yes i can do all that when you need me ?
kool , what kind of dog is he ?
impressive you are obviously a hard worker
took a very long time for me to land a deal .
just music right now , its pretty great . dad drove a semi , mom stayed home
i can see that , i did some back in my younger days
what kind of cars ? my car needs to get fixed . maybe you can find mine ?
do you have any plans for the weekend ?
that is a long time . good job ! i am envious
fix things on my truck
yes i love it an shopping an my sis
no i named it sita from a book
yes it does . it depends on the woman
i had a best friend but she took my boyfriend . we no longer speak .
hot yoga is great . good thing to do after a weekend of brownies and cupcakes !
i bet they will be so cute . and their names will be off the hook .
ah , fiction books . as long as you are doing what you love you can not go wrong .
i think i ate it once at a party .
do they go hunting with you ever ?
ok what else do you do for fun
harvard school of haircuts . full scholarship , got the full ride .
how old is your son ?
he advice i have gotten thus far is tht credit scores are real
true , they could be quite hazardous
they had a very advanced society . too bad the spaniards killed them all .
wow sounds awesome , what do you do for a living ?
yeah swimming is really fun , works everything out
i could not leave my pet turtle timothy behind
football fan ? go eagles . 5 1 baby
plus they scratch . dog is mans best friend according to the saying
i have family and a handful of friends when i am off i keep to myself
oh i see , at least you are very supportive of him i am jealous
yes i like the attitude ! you have the artistic spunk personality
that is so very true .
that would be great . thank you so much !
i love it why you ask ?
i still have a few more pieces to paint before i can go to bed
like songs from the early 2000s you know before most songs sucked
trucks are fun ! what do you like to eat while you are camping ?
where do you see yourself in the future ?
that sounds interesting . my wife likes biographies .
hmmm . have him help you write a book about soccer .
do you drink iced tea ?
lucky you to be so sexy
wow , it is a good thing they must be well trained .
great , maybe i can scream for your hardcore band instead of at these kids .
sirius is a nice name i hope you enjoy your trip to vegas soon .
do you want to travel ?
just me the wife kids . is it crowded with 6 people under the same roof ?
well you sleep well goodnight
i do ! we go through a lot of food in our house .
not really , my leg hurts me a lot . i have to repair fences and such .
lol , do you have two turtles ?
thanks . i wish you the same
awesome . what do you do in your free time ?
i try to calm myself by reading romance novels mostly about the paranormal
i like to drink it to relax
i have a few awesome tattoos . but one that i regret from teen years
i am not sure . . . it seems like a lot of paperwork .
it can be for sure . do you like movies ?
are you in a relationship ?
that would be awesome . i am always wanting more fans .
what are you going to do ? sad . our family dinners are awesome .
all the best , what is your hobbies
i am super excited to go !
neither do i . my favorite is tea both hot and cold .
i do not like my neighbors so i think i will blast metal music tonight
yeah i like to take walks when i can , you ?
well , i am happy for you !
fishing is fun ! we ice fish up here
me too , i like classical best
what do you do for fun ?
do you like any sports ?
running is the only thing keeping my mind off how hungry i am all the time
really ? i am with the competition lol
way out in the country , love country life .
that is cool . is she a good girl .
maybe , i might have to if things do not start looking up .
what kind of shoes do you sell ?
i am thirty nine and wondering how to party for my birthday
are you allergic to dogs ?
yeah especially eggplant parm , whats your favorite kind of food ?
i can only imagine . are you into any hobbies other than reading ?
whoops ! i think i said goodbye to soon ! ;
i do . where are you living now ? i am in the kentucky mountains .
yeah well she can be a great friend too
oh that is so funny
really , as long as they are in english , my native language .
yeah i work out a lot so it helos
those are fun . what is your favorite ?
i do some times but i only relate to one really
that makes sense . engineering is a great , stable career .
congratulations and that how s everything
same here . god bless you .
ha ! that is outstanding . white girl attire
i love dean koontz , who is your favorite ?
i do not like those , nor do i drink
absolutely not ! she needs to be a role model for her younger siblings .
i have a long one , i need to shave soon though .
anytime , you have a safe well night
thanks and i hope you make a great rn !
it is alright i make fries
that is cool what kind of weird stickers ?
wow i too cant remember ever having meat we should be friends
i am already 40 so getting a job will be difficult .
why are you so afraid of water ?
lol you good , when is the next trip ?
my father was a park ranger and i love the outdoors so i got right in
thank you ! maybe i will try that and see if it helps !
they are both here but nyc is too expensive for them .
thank you . good luck with kindergarten !
that sounds good . is you family musical ?
yes i only have 1
are family gatherings a handful ?
yes reminds me of when i first started cooking with my grandma
whoa , that is a big secret your holding ! when do you plan on telling them ?
i have never been there , but like the food
orange , what is yours ?
my friend goes once a year and it looks amazing !
not necessarily , it will be 100 years before oil runs out .
strange plants and animals start appearing with human intelligence .
yeah , i dislike dishes too . i am more into tidying things up .
i will eventually find a job somewhere else . i want to travel !
i am from the south , florida . i miss the beach .
goodbye and good luck with your surgery
oh yes , i agree . that is why i love my teddy bears , they bring me comfort
thank you . good luck to your son
good point i know my boss wants me , i am a secretary
i love to swim as well . i live right by the ocean .
no pets , just family . you ?
i am sorry that you are worried about missing nyc .
i try to eat healthy , do you stay on one ?
i have to be , because it grosses me out to eat them while i watch some swim . lol
i totally agree pets are the best
i see . what kind of job are you looking for ?
i just like to swim around and play , anything special about you ?
cool , how old did you turn ?
i am sorry to hear that . everything happens for a reason though !
i love cooking with fresh vegetables
have any pets at home ?
what a classic film that is
i eat only plants , i use to like cooking as well
i used to hike a lot before having my three children . no time anymore .
yup my diet is only cucumbers and carrots right now
sure , anytime . i have enjoyed our talk .
it is awesome ! been doing it for awhile
go back to school for fashion designing . that is my true passion .
precious ! you ever see one tree hill ? its great !
you can align your chakras meditating on a specific color
they have a very special music taste , but i do enjoy them
no i am a all work and no play type .
the game risk is my personal favorite
it sounds like you need focus for that
since when am i a dog ? that is quite rude !
that is cool . engineer degrees are nice to have , since you could still do that .
some times the view is glorious though !
does it feel more realistic ? i find plays to be tacky sometimes
i love to draw . how about you ?
i absolutely love star trek . much better than wars .
so do you have any hobbies ?
hold the cilantro ! it tastes like soap . but i do like fish tacos too .
yes it is , i do not care for the calories and the crunch
they should not be , but i can understand that .
i have a boyfriend . but i am not very good at dancing .
oh wow . i love home cooked meals .
i like to think i am . my job demands it of me
yes , i majored in beer and chasing women .
i has been sad being a widow . i try to use work as a distraction .
where is it on your body ?
shredding the electric guitar ! you ?
i am a nurse in the cancer center in my local town .
no i was telling you good night
that is pretty neat then never would of guessed
i am a modest girl so mostly just go for the company
that is my era as well
me too that is the best way to be
i studied at the athenian school in california near the coast , you ?
hah ! that is wild . what is his name ?