I want you to put your hands behind your head ! You are under arrest !
It is really a hot potato .
What other sources of energy do you use ?
Let's go !
Yes , I like travelling . I am young , and unmarried . It ' s no problem for me to travel frequently .
we can ' t . if we went that fast , we would break the speed limit .
You can take it in a couple weeks .
Thank you very much .
But you must cook that dinner next time .
I can't really deal with any distractions right now , but I appreciate the nice evening we spent together .
Well , now I want to change the date from 24th to 28th .
Oh , I just remembered I've got a report to write .
I'll call the lost and found office .
Can you hold it for me ?
It's free of charge .
Thank you so much , Mr . Sandals . We look forward to seeing you !
I'll just go and check it for you , sir .
That's very kind of you . Thank you .
These roses should make your wife very happy .
Yes , but 4 of them are broken . Can you send someone here ?
Here you go . Don't do that again .
Sure .
There are three in my family , my parents and myself . My father is a teacher and my mother is a worker .
I know it does , and that's because it is .
Thanks . How much would that come to ?
Thank you very much . See you then .
Good . Anything else ?
Thank you very much .
what would you do without me ?
Of course . I've loved writing since I was a very little boy . I won the first prize in a national composition contest when I was in middle school . After attending Nanjing University , I never give up writing . My works , such as Father's Tobacco Pipe , Open Air Cinema , The old City were respectively published China Youth Daily , Yangzi Evening News , and New Beijing . During the period of studying for my degrees of master and doctor , I paid more attention to developing my research ability and published several papers . The Impact of Internet in Chinese Political Participation , The Discipline of Remold , The Historical Direction of Chinese Administration Reform , Bribery Cases of Self governance in Chinese Villages are respectively published in Chinese Publish Administration , Beijing Due Xuebao , Theory and Society and Chinese Reform . I joined in Yangzi Evening News to work as a part-time journalist in 2006 . During this period , I've written a lot of comments , which improved my writing ability to a new level , I have full confidence in my writing ability , and I believe I can do the job well .
My name is Ron Kollwitz .
Yes , it was quite a long flight . I'm glad to finally be here .
Why don't you ask Bill if he can help ?
Above all , I have learned that what is good for the company is good for me . So I follow the instructions strictly and always keep my boss informed .
I just don't know how to bring it up . Well , all right . She has the right to know anyways .
That was very lazy of you .
That sounds absolutely fantastic .
Here you go . By the way , is it possible to cash them before the maturity comes up ?
Can I have my $ 200 please ?
Fine . Well , thanks for calling and letting me know you will be absent . I hope you feel better soon .
That would be great ! Is it expensive ?
I'll go home and get Sara's number . I'll call her first myself .
Could I have some fruit ?
Not bad . The fur market is not very brisk lately , but the selling season is advancing near . I hope there will be more buyers in the market this year .
You are welcome .
that ' s another quid .
It's my pleasure .
That's fine .
Sure . And I'd like you to get some cold medicine for me when you go to the doctor's .
Unleaded , please .
So do I .
I believe so .
Where are the keys ?
Sure . Just leave it to me . I'll finish it .
OK . I will wait for you inside the restaurant
It's a quarter to 12 . Could you please drive a little faster ?
It must be most precious .
you are welcome .
I'm afraid it wasn't . And when the police get here , you will also see that it wasn't . But enough of this bickering . I'm going to go find a phone . Don ' t move that arm while I'm gone . Alright ?
Wonderful ! How much is the ticket ?
That's fine with me . How much time are we going to have to work on this ?
We still prefer French dressing .
Thank you .
It may not be true , but the first and lasting impression of you is determined by your clothes and behavior .
Well , anything is better than nothing . Wait and see .
That's OK .
OK , thanks for checking . Could you give me a ring when it arrives , please ?
I would prefer the first one .
That sounds fine , thanks for that . Let's go ahead !
I'd appreciate that .
Okay . Thanks .
Thank you . Please get some soap for us .
Oh ? What ' s wrong ?
Ok , I will contact you in a week . See you .
But I am her brother , not her servant .
No problem . Good luck
They're imported from New Zealand . Four for 50NT . Nine for a hundred .
thanks . I appreciate that .
May I try it on ?
Yes , sir . I apologize for that . Here ' s the file you were looking for , Mr . Emory .
Sorry , I'm using it myself . But you can use it this afternoon .
Good for you , Leslie !
You're welcome . Please come again .
Thanks for your concern .
Well , maybe I can put them in the airport storage there .
No , thanks . I'm on a diet .
Not at all .
Better late than never .
It's a wise thing to do . Art will do a child a world of good .
Thank you . Bye .
I'm sorry . I can't quite follow you . Would you mind speaking slowly ?
Yes , it's so helpful .
No , thanks .
I'm afraid he's fully engaged . Could you make it another time ?
I would like that . Thank you .
No , I haven't got one by now . I will go to the interview of yours .
That works for me . Let's see what we can each do about planning our part and meet again on Friday .
What's the matter ?
No , thank you .
Over there .
Don't count on it , Babe . eBay is always full of surprises .
Okay . Enjoy your browsing .
OK . But just let me pick up a bottle of cooking wine and oil as we go by .
I appreciate you calling and telling me that you won ' t be in class . See you next week !
Let me see . I can come out and see you first thing Wednesday .
I have the same question . I can ' t send out mails . We ' d better call the IT department and ask them to check it immediately .
I'm sorry , dad . But I would rather stay at school than go to cram school .
OK , I'll listen to you .
There you go . Problem solved .
I'll be with you in a minute .
Thank you .
I'll certainly look into that .
It's two hundred and eighty dollars .
Thanks .
Immediately .
You should always remember that one customer one file is the rule .
That's wonderful . OK . I'll remember that . But I have to warn you that you must drive very carefully in the downtown area , for there're no separate lanes for motor vehicles and bicycles in some places , and still quite a few people don't take road regulations seriously .
I think that we have seen all that we need to see here . Let ' s go look at another house .
I recommend you the white wine . It will wake up your appetite .
You wouldn't do a thing like that !
Yes , Mother , but my arm is longer .
Okay , sir . Have a pleasant evening .
Yes , I have , Mr . Thomas . We'll pack them two dozen to one carton , and the gross weight is around 25 kilos a carton .
I'm sure you'll pass it .
Suit yourself . Don ' t forget to set the alarm clock .
Thank you very much .
Let ' s also go to the jewelry store to buy a crystal necklace . I want to buy one for you as your birthday present .
I have heard its name is connected with someone , is that right ?
No , thanks . I ' m all set . Good-bye .
All right . No problem . What ' s your extension ?
Well . I shouldn ' t have any trouble recognizing him . What time does his flight arrive ?
That's everything .
Yes , I'm good with people .
Yes , of course . Excuse me . Could you possibly let us see your menu ? Oh . They haven't got one either .
I see . Can I pay by traveler ' s checks ?
Just a second . I'll go get some .
If you need anything else , just let me know .
It was the same as the last place I worked at . I was hoping you ' d be different .
I think you'll really like the food there .
For shipment , you know we are producing a complete set of equipment for you and it won't all be finished at one time . So would you allow us to make partial shipments .
What about this one ? It's a very nice 3 - piece suit .
All right . We accept it . So $ 600 for each set .
Yes . And you're Mr . Jones , I remember .
Thanks for giving me the opportunity of this interview .
Well , you'd better lie down now . You need a good rest .
People who are honest , dedicated to their work and having integrity .
Hello , everybody . I am Monica and this is my first day at work . I am working in the finance department . I am very happy to meet everyone and I am looking forward to working well with all of you . I am very happy to be one of the team and I will do my best to get into the working situation as soon as possible . By the way , call me Monica . Everybody calls me so .
I sometimes played table tennis and sometimes played basketball .
What's the criteria for staff to attend ? Are we only including our management team in this affair ? Or will we be extending invitations to lower level employees to attend ?
You should try swimming then . It helps you to keep fit .
I can type 80 words a minute , basically no mistake , and can take dictation in English at 120 words per minute .
That's fine . By the way , please have that suit dry cleaned .
Yes . You've got to cut down on bread and potatoes and take more exercise .
It's not easy to keep a good habit , you know . I fear that if I fail to get up early one day , I may find it still more difficult to rise early the next . Besides , a mere walk in the early morning is much fun , too . Here and there in the park , you meet whole gangs of senior citizens who might be singing operas or old songs , playing er'hu , chess , or just chatting and gossiping . It's interesting to join them .
They're on special offer today .
You'd better bring some medicine for airsickness .
When I have confirmed the times with the owners , I will e-mail you our plans for the day .
Here you are .
What do you mean ?
Enough is enough . I know .
I'm sorry , Mrs . Lin . We don't allow smoking in the office .
Tomato or orange juice , please .
That sounds about right .
It's 86 coach and 175 berths
No problem .
Thank you !
Sounds good . Thanks a lot .
Ok , the mirror is over there .
High hells , please . I want to wear them in formal situations .
I ' ll come down and watch you play some day , and see what it ' s like .
Now we have to make a choice about what we will see and what we won't .
The material is so abstract that I have trouble understanding it .
Yes , that's what I am looking for . I will take the room for 2 days .
Oh , that ' s great . Thanks Grace . Can you give me her number ? I ' ll talk it over with Dan and give her a call tomorrow . Maybe this way I won ' t be so tired every day , and Dan and I might even get to go
You should be , because you ' re a part of history .
Could I have look at that pair of canvas shoes ? They look nice .
All the sightseeing in china is very attractive and crescive . travelling to China is very worth one . thank you so much for your guides , and I'll miss you .
Alright , I'm twisting it around . You tell me when to stop .
I'll try .
How can I ever thank you ? I owe you a big favor .
Then I have to call another taxi , or I'll be late .
Yes . They will be ready in a few minutes .
Sorry again for bothering you .
Thank you .
I am going there , too . We can walk together .
And what is more , in traditional Chinese thinking , cranes and pine trees symbolize longevity .
Yes , it's $ 167 .
No . I'll try them . Sounds good .
We expect the usher girl to be good-looking , no less than 165 centimeters high , and love smiling .
Thanks for your help , Ralph !
Thank you . You ' Ve been very helpful .
All right , Maria . I ' ll give you until tomorrow at 4:00 to produce a satisfactory piece of work , but otherwise , you ' ll have to re-do it .
Can I spy on you guys from the window ?
I'd like to have some more . It's really good .
No , a No . 50 will take you right there .
Yes . It will be expensive , but we think it will be worth it . It gives us great peace of mind to know that our reception is in the hands of experienced people .
Sure , go ahead .
What ' s wrong with that ? Cigarette is the thing I go crazy for .
If it makes you feel any better , other guests feel the same way .
Goodbye and see you tonight . Miss Rose .
OK , I'll tell him .
Thanks a lot .
Until 8 o'clock , ma'am . We are looking forward to seeing you .
Sure , no problem .
Yes , I got it . Thanks .
OK , here you are .
The next game , I will definitely be there .
That's a good idea .
Yes , at the end of the hall .
Thank you very much .
Please hurry .
Give me a break , Mr Yang .
We'd better take it up with them , in that case .
Ah , get back to you .
That's reasonable .
Oh , yes . I remember .
Don ' t mention it .
Well , I ' m glad to hear it . Have a cup of coffee !
Your check will be arriving late , but the next one will come right on time .
Okay , sir . But don't take too long . You only have 30 minutes .
I'd like the roast chicken , please .
How long is this cell phone guaranteed ?
Not in a million years !
You must have over 2 years'experience first .
Of course .
Let me just make sure . You want to withdraw one thousand dollars ?
Would you like anything else ?
It may take less time , but I don't know about easier . Yuck .
You are probably right . I'll go right now and apologize . I try hard not to be late but it is difficult with Beijing traffic .
The deposit is $ 500 .
Of course we will need proof , originals and duplicate of everything . As soon as you bring in the proof and we assess it , it should be very quick indeed .
I passed the Band two in LPT , but I will try to achieve Band one which is the highest level .
Thank you , doctor . I ' ll do what you say .
Thank you .
Including your name , sex , date of birth , height , phone number , and so on .
That's good .
It's the 11th Avenue , Park Street .
I'll have a steak , medium rare .
Yes , I see .
It is OK with me . I enjoy being busy and learning new things .
You ' re welcome .
Well , as the saying goes -- we aim to please !
Here are some . They ' re on special sale these days .
I'II take them . Please wrap them up tor me and give me the receipt .
Great . Thank you .
Yes , good luck , Maria .
OK , we wait for you .
sure , where would you like to go ?
I bet you'll still buy it , though . You wouldn't be able to live without your fashion magazine !
Ha ! I'm just warming up ! Please take me there now !
For detailed information , however , you should read a history book .
OK . You ' d better come back in two hours .
My pleasure . I hope you get a hold of him .
Try to get outdoors more and be sure to get more rest .
No , we ' re changing all the cameras to eight megapixels . We were hoping that by making your company our sole supplier for cameras we could negotiate a better deal .
Yes , here you are . Try it in front of the mirror .
He didn't even make it out the door .
I ' m sure they are . Oh , and a local man won the lottery . I ' m so jealous ! I wish it were me ! I buy a lottery ticket every week and I ' m amazed that I haven ' t even won a small prize yet . It ' s so unfair !
I am sorry . It's a one-price shop .
Yes , there is .
What ?
No , I feel young , fresh and energetic .
Sure . Wait a minute .
I'll lend you my gloves and earmuffs until you get your own .
You need to make sure you arrive on time , smile , be pleasant and friendly , look the person in the eye and answer all questions to the best of your ability . You'll do great !
Thank you . Here is four hundred yuan .
That ' s very nice of you to offer . Here ' s your tea . Be careful , it ' s still quite hot .
good luck .
241 Main street .
That's nothing .
That's great . Thank you very much .
No problem .
He's in bed , doctor . Can you see him , please ? He has a bad cold , too !
Frankly , some part of it I enjoy very much , but I prefer something more professional . It happens that I have a friend working here in this company . She told me the export department was to recruit an assistant . I felt very excited at this news . That's why I'm here .
I'm having my usual . I like the fish here . Would you like some wine ?
It ' s a special kind of Chinese herb . It ' s good for you !
Just joking , Tonia . I've got some wonderful clothes . Let's go and have a close look at your outfit .
Good idea .
Just walk down the road for a few minutes , and you'll find it on your right .
Thanks . Now can I make the full deposit ?
Ok , fine . We need to take down the tree .
No problem .
Thank you for your advice .
Thank you .
OK , so here ' s the plan ; When we land , run to gate 14 !
We can do it . See you then .
Yeah , me too .
Come with me , please .
For the most part , yes . If you don't feel comfortable with it , then it is best not to take one at night .
Aright . I'll meet you at the gym at 3:30 then .
You're so good with people . I think they will like you !
Yes , I ' d like to deposit one billion dollars .
You can pick it up in half an hour . By the way , how are you going to pay , cash or credit ?
Oh , don ' t worry , I will !
I really appreciate that .
Thank you for calling . Goodbye .
All right . Which room shall I have ?
Ok , thank you . Goodbye .
Usually not more than 15 , not less than 10 . They meet monthly , quarterly , or biannually to oversee an organization or company . They provide long term planing and vision , and also act as moral watchdogs rto keep the company in line .
No problem . We'll supply you with an apartment of two bedrooms and a living room .
Sorry , it ' s impossible .
The dog ' s in the garden , too . It ' s running across the grass . It ' s running after a cat .
Ok , go ahead .
Yeah , maybe . Thanks , anyway . Hope you guys have a great time !
Well . It doesn't go with your skirt . I think the color itself is fine though .
Whatever . Just make sure you go vote .
We definitely have to talk , Zina . And watch your back . Elvin is still mad about his nose .
Yeah , I think I will .
Thank you . Good-bye .
Where shall we sit ?
Obviously , it depends on what I ' m cooking . But I ' d say it generally takes about one and a half hours .
If it breaks down , maybe you can find a repairman on the Internet .
Yay !
That's wonderful ! I like swimming .
Whatever you say !
If I don't pay my taxes , would the tax officials discover it ?
I am too angry to do that .
I think so . Could I have you name , telephone number ? If we get one , I will call you .
Charles Dickens . Actually no one can parallel him in writing .
Sure , I have a friend who play fairly well . We should find out when our friends are free and arrange a game .
The second day you take a four-hour city tour . In the afternoon you go on the famous boat cruise under the falls .
Thanks then Sally . Goodbye .
Just a sec I ' m just gonna vacuum this rug real fast
I see , so this can really cut down on time and centralise management . Interesting ...
May I have a look at your passport , please ?
It's not expensive . I'll take it .
Yes , I have already booked a room .
This is worth trying .
Sounds like we have the same idea .
Yes , usually it takes a short time , but you have to await the choice of the units for a while .
Cross the street and walk two blocks west . You can't miss it .
Then I advise you to buy the LAY cleansing milk .
You must have the wrong number .
Please make sure to fasten your seat belt . We are to take off .
I ' m so lucky . You only get a chance like this once in a blue moon ! Thanks honey !
Thank you for your kindness .
Oh , yeah , two beers .
Thank you very much !
No . Thank you for the time .
And , to be frank , our copying machines are too slow ; our telephone system is limited in function .
Economy , please . Economy class is the cheapest , right ?
Don ' t worry about a thing ; we are just taking a second look and talking .
Yes , I think I speak English quite fluently . I got a high score on TOEFL . I majored in English in college .
No . I like to be outside . I took up hiking and mountain biking .
Our silk is known for its good quality . It is one of our trade - trional exports . Silk blouses are brightly colored and beau - fully designed . They ' Ve met with great favor overseas and are always in great demand .
OK then . Well , I will work on my part and get back to you with my progress on Friday .
I ' ll keep that in mind . Thank you for coming in today . We ' ll be in touch .
Yes , it is . How many pieces of hand luggage do you have ?
That's my job ! Is there anything else I can assist you with ?
And when we're done , I'll show you some great stuff to take care of the rest .
Okay . Say when .
I've said that I've got a problem with the circus . I'm not kidding .
Yes . I wrote a thesis entitled " On Interpersonal Relations in the Socialist Market Economy " and it was published in China Daily .
But for now , the band is playing the songs from our senior year . Get out on that dance floor !
Then , walk two more blocks an you ' ll see City Hall on the left . Have you got all that ?
Sounds like a plan .
In hospitals or on planes , handsets will interfere with some equip-ment , so we must close our handsets . If you set call transfer , the problem will be solved .
OK .
You inform the people in charge and let them reserve dinning tables for guests .
I can ' t help you with that .
Yes .
No , it is a fortnightly . So , you see , I can get the new one quite soon .
I use it for several things-surfing the net , word processing and creating presentations . I don ' t play many games on my computer , but I do a lot of work with photographs . Using a computer program , you
B :: Well , I think I'm ready for new challenges .
Take it easy . I'll send a larger to pick you up .
Yes , yes . Everything's fine . Thank you very much , Becky .
Got it . Thanks for reminding me . And , are there any intensive training courses ?
You'd better .
Since you have booked . Then let ' s celebrate our wedding anniversary before hand .
Here are $ 40 . Keep the change . That's my tip for you .
All right .
Well , hopefully she'll give me my invite later on today .
Great . Welcome to our company .
Thank you , I know where that is .
How about tomorrow at 11 o'clock ?
Seriously ?
Good idea !
Thank you , Mr . Sandals . We look forward to seeing you in New York !
Perfect . Thank you . Bye ..
That sounds good . At the moment I spend ages queuing at the post office to pay my bills .
Sometimes we use a local employment agency . It depends on the job .
That's great . That means I can bring my cat , Mr . Twinkles . Where is the apartment located ?
I see .
You can also get a cash advance up to 1,000 dollars on this card .
About five times a week . What about you ?
And I'm glad to meet you , too .
OK . Thank you . Goodbye .
Thanks .
I will be coming by around 10 this morning . If you aren ' t there , I ' ll just use my key .
Little dude , your life is over !
In the same way , probably .
Well , you're right , the resume is limited in how much it can tell someone about a person . That's why job interviews are important to let people know the real you that they can't see from a piece of paper . But resumes can be helpful in explaining things and giving a good impression to a potential employer .
All right . I'm prepared to , if the pay is reasonable .
Wonderful . Will we have any free time there ?
sure , that would be great .
Yeah . I just got here a couple of days ago . How about you ?
OK , here is your money .
We're having a clearance sale . $ 4 plus tax .
Well , that's a relief .
I'm very sorry for any inconvenience I've caused you .
I heard Chinese medicine has a better lasting effect in cure .
How much do you think the rent will be ?
you ' d better wait , the gums are swollen . Take the medicine I prescribe and come back in three days .
Really ? Even for such an excellent one ?
Sure , I ' ll go look at apartments with you anytime you want .
No problem .
I guess you get what you pay for .
Last time I tried a pink curl perm and form permanent . Set the wave a little loose than as usual , please .
I understand completely , sir . Housekeeping will bring you souvenirs in just a moment .
You're welcome .
No , just a few minutes .
That ' s great . You ' re a lifesaver .
Will you make some recommendation ?
You must go to immigration to the departure lounge .
I know you're right . School is more important than TV . Can I watch one more show , then go to bed .
There it is . That is the pattern ! The set behind you . Thank goodness , they haven't been sold . And thank you so much for being so patient with me . Yes , those are the ones .
Impossible . How about 5 % off ?
People don't usually tip here , but you can . Fifty dollars should be more enough .
That ' s great ! I can have two bags checked for 70 pounds each . I think I ' m all set . You ' re really efficient . Thank you very much for your help .
Fine . I ' ll bring both our office furniture and equipment catalogues on Thursday .
What a pity !
Our monthly interest is 1 . 5 % of the outstanding balance . Would you please fill out the application the form ?
OK !
I see . So , that would mean that every month it would just come from my account ? That does sound like a good idea , totally trouble free .
Bye .
Of course ! Everything at Helen's is overpriced , and they sell things that you can find at almost every other clothing store ! Why didn't you shop around ?
No , I didn't . I'm sorry . It won't happen again .
No , I don't suppose he's to blame . The man in the other car made a mistake .
We have to ensure that the product should be attractive to guarantee sales .
Watch your language .
Turn to the next window and they will help you find one .
Well . Don ' t worry about it , I will be happy to share the taxi with you .
I have passed the CET - 4 and 6 . As far as computer is concerned I can use the computer for word processing .
Really ? Let ' s go there .
It's a bit difficult to find vegetarian friendly restaurants sometimes , but since more and more people are vegetarians or vegans nowadays , it's getting a bit less difficult .
I am not interested in trying this restaurant again .
They are my personal effects .
There were no major problems . One leaky pipe under the sink and two broken roof tiles was all that I found .
I will take a rain check .
Did you ever talk to him about it ?
Thanks . I'll get back to you .
And the holdall has some fragile items inside , so please be careful with that too .
But it ' s Friday today . This road is always jam packed during the weekend , isn ' t it ?
You did ? Wow ! Where did you learn ...
Who'd have thought Bean would be this kind of e-mail fanatic ?
Okay , let's shake on it .
Thanks .
Thanks for your time . I'll go and discuss everything with my partner and I'll be back later .
I've got a really bad headache and my stomach hurts .
You can use quarters , dimes and nickels .
Ok . Mr . Lee , you ' re all set . Your flight leaves from gate 10 . Boarding begins at 10:30
I've taken courses on office administration , reports and correspondence writing . I think all these are closely related to the job of assistant manager , because it requires the ability to perform general office work and to assist the manager in handling all paperwork .
We'd better not move him . I'll get the first-aider .
Not at all . You just need to provide your name , address , e-mail address , phone number and bank or credit card information . I will help you with that .
You bet it !
To be reliable is the strong point of our products . As a matter of fact , it's always our practice to supply high quality goods at reasonable prices . Flying pigeon is the best of its kind at the price .
Well , you know , the traffic in Beijing is sometimes dangerous . Therefore , I have to remind you of something . First , you should obey the traffic rules , don't break in the red light . Second , don't play a joke with your friends when riding on the bike . Third , do not hurry up when riding , or would make an accident . Finally , remember come on the left and go on the right !
Wow , you really do have a talent for this , Alice . Thanks for the suggestions .
Nice to see you with us , Anne . Please make yourself at home .
It's there , near the mirror .
Right . Hold the steering wheel with your hands at ten o'clock and two o'clock .
I ' m a little nervous . I ' Ve never flown before .
Thank you .
You need not always do that . Why don ' t you pat them on the back occasionally ?
Actually you can have a window seat if you don't mind a ten-minute wait .
Trust me , the food isn't half bad .
Really ? I'm interested in it .
Your check will arrive a little late .
Thank you . I'm sure I will have a wonderful time here .
Some black mascara , moisturizing orion , eye cream crystal lipstick , a two color eye shadow pack , styling hairspray , and a cosmetics bag .
Yes . Tell him Mr . Cook called and ask him to return my call soon as he gets back .
I'm a TV announcer . Don't you recognize me ? I do the weather report on KNT !
Hmm . Thank you very much .
Sorry . I'll clean it up .
May I have a look at the introduction ?
Perfect . Thank you , goodbye !
You are welcome
Sure . I ' ll also take some silver cuff link and a pair of silk ties .
Yes .
I think so . We can go there in the afternoon if you like .
A taxi it is , sir .
Thank you . I'm sure you will .
You are welcome . Please feel free to ask me a question any time you need help .
That's great . Can I book the room ?
I ' m sorry . I have no idea . I haven ' t seen that for ages .
Don't worry . We will keep you well informed .
It's a deal , Hal . Thanks again for stopping to help . And thanks for smashing my car !
Will our company have some recreational activities ?
It's my rock bottom price . Take it or leave it .
That's all right .
Yes . Copywriters are supposed to design and write articles for the advertising company .
I'd like to have it in big waves .
OK .
Thank you .
Let me help you .
Agreed .
With cold milk ?
That is the best one I have seen . I am sure our target customers , young people will love it .
You probably won't have to wait for anyone , sir .
Well , thanks for the compliment anyway !
We put many signs with English translations for foreign visitors .
Well , maybe you could get a two-bedroom apartment downtown and share the rent with a roommate .
Sounds bad ! Lucky you ! You didn ' t take that job . I think a good office environment is also important to work efficiently .
Yes , okay .
Anything else ?
Thank you .
That's because you don't know the short cuts . You'll learn them after a while . I can show you the ropes .
May I have your name ?
I ' m going to make sure and vote .
Thank you . Goodbye .
I changed my open office hours because several of my employees found it difficult to visit me except in the early mornings .
Do you really think the Dalai Lama sent that ? I'm tired of all these forwards .
He said there was a traffic jam , but he is coming .
What if that happens to me ? I hate to let food go to waste .
If that information is exact , I guess our company is willing to promote someone .
Well , I may have accidentally insinuated that she is getting chubbier .
Right now I show that there are 176 people on the list . And you are number 176 .
It sounds easy when you say it like that . In reality , it's harder to make peace between countries .
You ' re right , sir . I apologize . I ' ll get those files for you now .
It's just the job I've been searching for .
Another place you can get real insight is European papers . You can get them on-line .
Yes , I have it right here . I'm so sorry about this .
How do you know if you don ' t have a try ?
It costs $ 200 .
Come here , let me introduce some friends to you .
What shall I do today ?
You can be sure of that , sir .
If my hard drive crashes , I'll just call you .
Don't get up so late next time . You should have gone to bed earlier last night .
I hope so .
In half an hour . The surface of the lake is calm .
great . Bye .
And Seattle is the home of Microsoft and Boeing . That must be a great place . I can't miss it .
I know that you like this house , but let ' s take a look at the others before you make up your mind .
Yes . Bring me a bath towel as well .
Oh . I am not a wall streeter . Give me an economy one please .
And I can purchase that here ?
Sorry , right now we can only have you a room without shower .
Yes , I noticed that you have professional training and team-building days . I like the idea of working for a company that invests in its staff .
Yes . I'm rather tired and want to go to bed early . Please make the bed .
Please ask her to call John .
OK . Let's go and see .
Yes , sir . I'm really so sorry about that .
Well . I ' m sorry you feel that way .
Oh great ! Sounds like something I need to bring Kleenex to !
You're going to have to tell them what to do in church , what everything means ...
I will . Thank you , Mummy .
The shoes can be comfortable or not comfortable , too wide , too narrow , or just right ; and long or short . In girls shoes , the heel can be high or low .
Yes . And it was incorporated with other businesses in 2008 due to the global financial crisis .
Well , everything really .
I want to go jogging .
I am terribly sorry . You didn't come to reconfirm recently . You should have come to pick up your ticket three days ago since it's an international flight , any reservation without reconfirmation within 72 hours will be cancelled .
Is it because that would give the host the impression that the food was insufficient ?
OK , will do .
How about this one ? It's the latest design .
I'll take them .
Ok , then we can sign up for it together .
I think it's the postman . Will you go and open the door ?
Six , including two kids .
We put all of your test results up in the same place . Just check the dates for what you need .
That still leaves a gap of 20 dollars . Let's meet each other half-away again and split the difference ; I think this is a price we can both be satisfied with .
See you later .
We try not to because you might have to pay quite a heavy fine .
That'll be $ 200 , sir .
Yes , please . We're on our way out , so we put the ' make up ' sign on . Could you bring us some towels and hangers ?
The internal factors are composed of human resources , team spirit , innovation spirit and coordination between different departments , etc .
Motivate Tony to cooperate by rewarding his good behavior . Do not emphasize punishment for bad moods , etc . Do not threaten him with punishment if he resists the actions you desire .
That would be very nice . Thank you .
being famous , I can do without , but I wouldn't mind being rich .
Thanks a lot . Good-bye .
We'd like to hear your account of the events of last night .
Now , have you ever thought of going by express bus ?
The asking price has recently gone down to two hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars .
No problem .
On the contrary , very exciting .
I am writing you down for that time . We look forward to seeing you .
Well , it still hasn ' t gotten here , and my boss is pretty angry about it .
Thank you , they are beautiful .
I'm sorry , but the price is final .
Oh no ! I forgot about those too ! Those are Chinese sausages for my Aunt Lily .
All right . I'll tell him when he comes back .
That's true . Well , how much do you think I should get ?
Not at all , Susan . Just tell him to leave it with my secretary when he ' s finished with it
Thank you , Henry . I'll get a number 13 .
Thank you .
How can I have the good external expressions ?
Danger , danger ! The exits have been sealed and the doors will remain locked in until the local authorities arrive . Thank you for using our bank . Have a nice day .
That's a chick flick !
Yes , it has . We ' re going to target the business community through business magazines .
Yes , thank you .
that might be true , but I think men should have some kind of say in the matter .
Aw , Mom-you're such a drag .
We will let you know probably next Monday . I hope to give you a positive reply .
I would be happy to look at apartments with you .
Thanks for letting me know .
Yes , I think I should have jumped in any case .
It's really healthy to eat when you bake it .
You are welcome .
The most important thing I learned was that I must continuously improve my abilities . Advertising is a constantly evolving trade and creativity is an important fact to success . If I want to make in marking in advertising industry , I can ' t stop studying and creating .
Yeah you are right . This office is falling apart ! Frank told me the other day that the gutters outside were clogged and that ' s why the parking lot was flooded .
Oh , do you ? Good .
You said it . Ok , let's go in , Sandy .
He's busy . He said next week .
Bottom's up , and you're right . This meal is incredible . I wish I had known this restaurant before . Thanks for bringing me here . I know I'll be back agile soon .
I agree entirely . I assure you it won't happen again .
No , but I wouldn't be surprised if it rained tomorrow .
I'm a little worried about my host family . You know , in the agreement I have to do some cooking for them .
Right . Let's help each other .
That's easy . It's .. er . Venus . NO . Pluto . No . Wait a minute . It's Anthe tip of my tongue . Oh dear , what is the nearest planet to the sun ?
I love it . It's so festive ! And where did you get that cup ? It's got the same logo .
Don ' t lose your reason . Go to find him and talk with him .
Remember , real luck must be created ( by ) yourself , and then it cannot be given or taken away ...
You married him for that reason ?
You see , This time I traveled to the West . When I looked out of the windows of the rain , all the lands that I could see are as dry as a bone .
Me too .
She does have a heart of gold .
All superstitious nonsense ! I would still like to go to one and see what he or she has to say , just for kicks .
No , thanks any way .
Not bad . It really is great to see you again . Where have you been ?
Slow down . What are you talking about ?
I ' m sorry to say no .
Really ? Well , I guess I have to get used to it .
Everyone is doing great . My sister finally had her baby .
I don't need a guy to buy a wedding ring !
Good . I'll do it .
I have no idea .
I don't really . I just like wildlife , and you don't get to see too much of it in the city . This place is full of it .
Um , Holly ? Look behind you . They're coming this way .
definitely ! Actually , we just moved into a new place . There's a house-warming party this Saturday , if you are free ? I know Jenny would love to see you again and it should be a good party .
Because I won't let it fail .
Same difference . What's this ?
Thank you .
This is ordinary marriage life .
Because I have given him up as a bad job . Our relation has been over .
That's a problem .
Yes , it's one of my hobbies .
He watch the tob too much . Now really I don't know . But I can't handle this much longer .
Why don't you go to see the Empire State Building ?
That's a good idea . Let's go !
You forgot all of about it , didn't you ?
How can you be so sure ?
Well , take a look at everything and figure out what is best for you . Good luck !
Thank you , dear . I feel better now .
Ok . Don't forget to bring your umbrella . The rain can start up again anytime .
Oh , thanks , professor Donald . This is really very nice of you .
do you hear something ?
ok . Then I can make up my mind .
I once played truant when I was in college because I intended to organize a donation activity for the disaster-hit areas in Sichuan .
It's the same as meeting people anywhere and dating them ! I am just tired of going to bars or being set up for dates by my friends ! I think this is a really cool alternative , especially if you are a bit shy .
Goodbye . Thank you again for coming .
Laura ...
OK .
Yes !
What's the color of her eyes ?
I'll try it tonight .
He said , ' 36 years , ' and we both laughed about it . He apologized and now , it's all good .
Of course not . He drowned .
That ' s it ? Thank you very much .
ok , where and when should I meet you ?
It'll take us all some time to get used to the change .
Learning any language takes a lot of effort . But don't give up . Why don't we practise those dialogues together ?
Yes .
I would recommend a day at the zoo . It's fun for all the family . There is also a water park just outside the city if you would like a day trip .
The kids wait in the house while the grownups hide these . Hide away , Yi-jun !
I'd love a gin and tonic .
OK , I'll search it for you . A moment , please .
I will be letting you know during the year if you have a major problem .
I believe it'll be very expensive .
That shouldn ' t be a problem .
Ahahah ! ! ! Help me ! Help ! Bring the boat closer ! The shark is coming straight towards me !
not at all , but we don ' t have a very traditional marriage either , so it suited us perfectly !
Well , I do have assets in my country . like I said , I own a house , and see , here ' s a bank statement showing my investments , and my bank balance .
Maybe one month . Just have a try first . Not too tough at the beginning .
How can you do that ?
Ok .
Ok .
Oh no you didn ' t . You didn ' t just insult the Sals-bury Seals , did you ? Why don ' t you just . just go and return all of those stupid clothes and not come back until the sales are over ?
Oh , yes . The nurse were very kind , though they were strict about what I could drink . In the end , I just drank water and nothing else . Everyone was very professional and I actually enjoyed some aspects of my stay .
I had a fantastic time .
Certainly , it is very nice talking with you . But I really have to go now . Catch you later .
He is more nice than wise .
Ok , see you .
Yeah , I'm worried . If it's like this tomorrow , our big outdoor party will have to be canceled .
Yes , it is annoying .
Yes , of course . But I'm afraid I can't tell you .
Please call me Jack . Have a seat , please .
You're welcome .
That's all right .
That sounds bad ! I'm really worried , what should I do ? Maybe I should go home and stay in the rest of the day .
What should I bring ?
I can tell form the way he spoke to us .
Yeah , you're right . We'll never hear the end of it .
If you ask me , I have to disagree . Something shouldn't be watched for fun .
OK . I'll be happy to join you .
Then our entire job could be done by telecommuting .
Yes . I went there once on a business trip .
It seems that they really enjoy trying to go faster , higher and further .
Thank you .
Sorry , I didn't think it mattered .
Yes . You've done a good job . But there's one thing . You should narrow down your topic .
Thanks a lot for your help .
All right . See you tomorrow night .
I can't . I am really behind of my work .
I'm afraid not .
Good afternoon , Mary . How's business ?
You're welcome .
It must have taught you a lesson this time .
Why should we run after the fashion ?
It can't be expressed by words .
I have no idea . Maybe she had a fight with her husband .
I agree . Business cards are great tools for promoting personal business . It won ' t take much time to design an amazing card , but it can make a big difference among the crowd . And you ' ll always notice it from your collection . For they have outspoken colors , own design and the sizes are not always according the mainstream business card . I wish to have one like this . But for sure our company has its own corporate design which all employees have to follow .
Well , compared with my wife , I'm just a beginner .
That ' s why it was so weird traveling from Beijing to LA ! Because of the huge time difference , even though we left Beijing at noon and flew for more than eight hours , we still arrived in LA the same day at noon ! It ' s like we went back in time !
It ' s nice to see foreign language films making a little impact on Hollywood . I like the best actor and actress .
But I actually dislike another lady . She is more capable and seems to have ideas of her own . But the trouble is she is a backseat driver with some of us . She would tell you what to do and where to put things .
Actually , even though we have parades , most people just use the national day holiday to visit family or go shopping . In the evening , many people watch special TV shows which celebrate national day .
Not as much as I'd like to . Usually just on holidays like Thanksgiving and Christmas .
Yes , me too . But I'm disappointed .
I hope so .
You're right .
See you !
Let's go there for lunch ! I'm up for an adventure !
Oh , Uncle Giovanni . That's wonderful ! Thank you ! Thank you !
He is five years older than me , He got married last Sunday . My brother and my sister-in-law are the same age .
I don't really like seeing bloody frames , but I appreciate the lifelike frames simulated with the highly skillful special effects .
How much was the ticket ?
What a shame ! Their marriage is really a mistake .
oh , sorry ! There's a long story even with a mere pair of sticks .
You'd better cool yourself down first .
Thank you , sir , I'm sure I will .
No . The best thing to do is just stay home .
I hope I can do something for you .
But I find Japanese ones better .
He's a chicken guy .
Here ' s the paper ; you can read them yourself .
It really depends on when and how long
But it won ' t be on my birthday .
Come on . Things are not so bad . Boys can learn to use the computer through games .
OK .
We like to get together , chat and enjoy beautiful music .
Just look around ? Nah , that ' s boring .
Excellent ! That sounds like a plan .
I can't agree more .
I'm afraid it wasn't . And when the police get here , you will also see that it wasn't . But enough of this bickering . I'm going to go find a phone . Don ' t move that arm while I'm gone . Alright ?
Forget it . I'll see you at 11:30 am .
Poor child !
Just try to be a little more punctual in the future .
It's not just that . She also criticizes how we raise the kids .
Sure , but what do I wear ?
Ok , I will see you then .
All right . Maybe next time I can go with you . Bye !
Maybe , the whirligig of time , who knows ?
Have a nice journey , Lily .
And the host announced that he won it all !
It ' s okay . I don ' t want to go now . We ' Ve already missed ten minutes of the movie . I don ' t want to see a movie without watching the beginning .
Have a good day . Bye-Bye !
I'm afraid I have to leave . I have to be up early tomorrow .
It sounds so moving .
Congratulations !
eBay also offers free insurance . You can get a refund of up to $ 200 if you're not satisfied with your purchase .
Thank you . I appreciate the compliment .
Ok . See you soon .
sure , since I came back from the US , I've been keeping the habit of blogging , simply to share my personal insights on any topic I like .
Till the end of the month .
En ... it tastes good . I appreciate what you have done for me .
The viewing was for saying goodbye , and I didn't even get that .
He must be green . It ' s lucky that we will get off soon .
Oh , that's how you see it .
And you'd better not cry or you'll have black streaks running down your face .
Let's hurry . I'm starving !
Yes , I've been thinking about Florida .
But he still does not come back .
Thank you . But there's still a lot for me to learn .
Hmm , I must be getting absent-minded .
I can't understand him anyway .
Nobody would drive him up a wall by asking him such a question , you know .
let me explain . I didn't mean to hurt you ...
All right , just a quick one .
Indeed you know much about him .
No , please don't . I couldn't let you do that .
It's miles per hour .
Then we'd better not go .
Duh ... That's the point . The people in the ads are wearing what's in . Plus , there are articles on new trends .
Let's watch it together .
Yes , you're right . And I was so tired that I fell asleep on the way back . My arms are still stiff from the swim yesterday .
Oh , I see . But I think you are making a fuss . They will make it up . Bet it .
I'll take home economics .
They can't spell , they can't add , they can't subtract , they even don't remember any more . that's because they rely on gadgets .
See you .
Oh well . I'll have to live with it . What else can I do ?
Oh , I didn't expect you to know them . But yes , I love them not only because of many medals they've won , but also because of many medals they've won , but also because of their spirits .
Thank you !
No , thank you , Mrs . Carter . I'm fine for now .
No , he left nothing .
That ' s my wish .
My parents are already here . My brother and nephew are arriving on Monday .
I went to Paris .
I studied French . Anyway ... that's enough about me . How about you ? Were you born in L . A . ?
Yes . He is very understanding and supportive .
the most difficult thing is being able to predict what other people will say . They will reply to your statements , but you can ' t be sure how .
Yeah . He's a private eye now .
I can't see it .
Next Saturday night . You should get your invitation today or tomorrow .
Me , too . Now let's make a list for what we need to take with us .
I wanna finish my drink first . I'll meet you at Sammy's .
That would be great ! Give me a call !
Good luck .
Back to live with my parents . That's something else I used to do before we were married . Remember ?
Sometimes , but these days I'm often too busy .
Fortunately , things are changing these years .
I am really sorry too , maybe I can give you a call sometime .
Well , bring him along too . We ' ll have a great time this weekend .
We'd better prepare for the worst .
That's crazy .
In the dustbin ! Why didn't you tell me before ?
I want to study Mandarin and public relations .
It's possible .
What are we waiting for ? Let's go !
Your future husband !
Actually , it's not the fault of the mobile phone . But people should have a proper attitude towards it . Mobile phone is a tool serving people , not the fetters restricting them .
Thank you . I'll certainly be there .
Sure . But it's a very difficult one , you need to have a dictionary at your elbow .
Definitely . But I think it is too fierce .
Okay , let's go !
why not ?
It really must be an exciting time for you guys .
She didn ' t expect to get a kick in the teeth after a day ' s hard work .
I wish I had a chance to see it with my own eyes .
So sorry . Next time we'll go , thanks anyway .
bye .
That ' s terrible . But if they wouldn ' t change them , I know what I would do .
I heard some companies are providing stress management training and making changes inside them , like avoiding unrealistic deadlines and organizing relaxation activities . Our boss is a smart person . He will be learning from that if he would like to an efficient and healthy team .
I ' m ready and willing to help .
You are right . But I just want to know how they prepare food and make it taste so different .
Whatever you say . I just want to get to my meeting !
That's too bad .
Not much , usually I'll just keep silent .
Not yet .
Because the hottest season is summer in a year .
It was a real red letter day for you .
Okay . Keep in touch .
Alright . We have a blue Ford Focus for you , Mr . Fox . Would you like insurance ?
OK , loser buys pizza tomorrow night .
To some extent , it is . Anyway , whether they like it or not , they do give people a very good impression .
I agree . Hopefully with the new regulations , fewer athletes will try to cheat with drugs .
I think Americans would rather laugh than cry or be scared in their free time .
I see . I think I ' d agree with that statement . People often seem to make the same mistakes over and over again .
You , too .
I have to think about it .
Both actually . S , Y , B , I , L .
I think we can expect to get between 30 to 40 medals in total .
I will , do you want me to bring anything ?
It's very bad of him to cheat on a lady like his wife .
My prize was for the best player in the country . Now let's start playing chess seriously .
Yes , absolutely true .
Me too . Pride and Prejudice is my favorite .
Ye , I hope so . well . Take it easy .
I should keep a better record of my correspondence with the clients so if necessary I can prove it was my effort .
What did you do ?
This will work out well . I'm getting hungry just thinking about it .
I'm sure he'll love the idea . Just throw yourself into it and you'll enjoy it !
I'll ask Mrs . Thou when she's available to show the apartment and let you know . Has your number changed ?
No . Mine are a soft brown . Yours are khaki .
Well . Good for him .
San Diego .
No . How about you ?
Search me .
Of course you should . You wouldn ' t want a silly argument to ruin a long friendship , would you ?
No , you can ' t suddenly make smoking illegal , but government could prohibit smoking in public places like movies and theatres .
They sure can . Maybe they can interact with men better than monkeys and apes .
Perhaps you should excercise more . Why don't you go to an exercise class .
Oh , how wonderful !
I can ride too . Perhaps we could go horse riding together at the weekend ?
Can you tell her to come downstairs ? We're about to have dinner .
Well . Good for him .
If we hurry , can we get there in time ?
Wow , Bruce crossed the line first .
How wonderful it would be if I had such smiles !
Yes , it's been marvelous . It really was very kind of you to invite me . I hope it hasn't been too much trouble .
That's true .
Great ! Wait here ? You don ' t have enough room for the amplifiers , microphones or even your drums ! By the way where do you keep them or practice ?
Yes and I've written him a letter .
Let ' s go to Chicago . We can have lunch in Chinatown . Then we can go to a ball game at Wrigley Field !
All of the extra information that you need is on the bulletin board in the hallway . See you on Monday !
Don't be too critical . We can't expect it to be perfect .
Great - they wined and dined us all week .
Glad to hear that .
You mean with people on it ?
Sorry , I didn't think it mattered .
I wasn't happy with it .
Yeah , sounds like something I should definitely do .
In London . Where do you live ?
Almost , the most important piece of information for your investors will be the financial analysis . Here you will calculate and estimate sales , cash flow and profits . After all , people will want to know when they will begin to see a return on their investment !
She went over the edge after her son was killed in an accident .
No . Why don't you check out the newspaper ?
O . K . , O . K . Let ' s forget it . There ' s a football game on too .
You said it . Many parents just don ' t know how to educate their children .
I know . It was a really good deal .
Now that's a good idea . Thanks a lot , Brian . I'm feeling better already .
He can barely make ends meet .
No way , if it still has 21 .
I can't tell yet . I haven't got beyond the first chapter .
In fact , in order to burn up your fat , you must take it slowly for a longer time .
Maybe . After all , I am grown up now .
It's true that we should do something about unemployment , but what about inflation ? If unemployment falls , there's pressure to increase pay . That would result in inflation , which would result in a much less dynamic economy .
That sounds fine . What time shall we meet at the bus stop ?
Not always , she's rather busy at the end of the year .
Now let me sing " Happy birthday " for you .
It sure is .
To a disco ? Oh , no . You know I hate it .
I'm doing really well . I got married about three years ago . I have two kids now .
No , the other three girls major in a computer science , and they can help me a lot with the computer operating .
Well , I never drink alcohol , coffee or tea . They are very bad for you .
O . K . See you .
No , but I'll be able to tomorrow .
It just makes my eyelashes curl upwards .
Oh . Well , it can't be helped .
But I just got a call from my sister and I have to cancel the movie tonight .
That's terrible !
You see ? Every cloud has a silver lining .
Wow ! Congratulations !
Yeah . I would rather get one nice watch instead of 20 mediocre ones .
What for ? ( Why ? )
Yeah , but it's hard to forget her at moment . You know , we were together for almost five years . It's really hard ...
Oh , quite the other way round . She is a knock-out . She devotes much of her time to her career .
If we start now , we can make it by taxi .
China beat Brazil three to zero .
Now he only works freelance . Hundred bucks an hour .
Is this the sign ? What does it says ?
There ' s a real mix of stories in the book . I haven ' t finished all of them yet , though . Many of them are short detective stories , but there are also horror stories and sci-fi ones . If you give me your business card , I ' ll make sure you get an advance copy to review .
He's checking bags . He ' s an official in the customs .
That was quick thinking .
Uh , huh ... so what kind of sports do you need a waterproof watch for ?
What do you think ? I ' m a good boy .
Don't worry . There are all kinds of things in the center .
Oh , my God . It's so dangerous . And he might break his leg . You mustn't do anything like that .
He is hopeless .
Well , I have to write the proposal . I'm pretty excited about it .
Of course in English , they learn English on Mars too .
Sure , I will . Thank you for inviting me .
Sure . What's up ?
Oh , really ?
My domicile place is Hebes Province .
Yeah , I know .
Yes , quite a bit . How about a game sometime ?
Not really . I ' d really like to try golf , though .
Just like dear old London !
That give us a good lesson .
Thank you .
You know how hard I've tried to give up drinking ? I ' d be lost without you . I won ' t let you go anyway .
So far , less than 20 people have died , but over 100 are in hospital .
How time flies ! I'll not see twenty again .
Right . I enjoy what I'm doing .
May be some other time .
It ' s okay . I ' m still waiting to hear from UCLA anyway .
Ok . I'll talk to you later .
Sorry , $ 14 is the lowest I can go .
No , I won ' t hear of it .
Not bad , But she's as busy as before .
You are right . We shouldn't do anything under the table .
Can't Elvin handle it ?
How nice of you to say so .
The reality is different you know , running and firing a weapon is a lot harder than in the movies ! So are you ready ?
I was in New York for a wedding .
Just look around ? Ah , that's boring .
it gives me a lot of pressure and I feel depressed .
Certainly , perhaps .
I'm sorry . It was cruel of me . But I promise it will never happen again ? Look , there's a nice restaurant . Let me take you to dinner and we can talk things over .
Well , I never drink alcohol , coffee or tea . They are very bad for you .
China beat Brazil 3 to 0 .
Maybe you're right , but I'll take my sneakers and jeans any day !
Most of them are office buildings , huge department stores , and hotels but some are just private homes . New York is one of the financial centers of the world . And there are lots of very expensive places .
I guess so . Better to find out now than after you're married , when it's harder to get out .
I like him . He's good for her .
Whatever things get tough , he gives in .
Don't worry . We'll make it back to the camp site before dark .
Sometimes it's difficult . Some words look different from the way one pronounces them .
There is a snowman over there .
Just tell him off .
The Lakers . Jordan is the only good player Washington has .
It sure is . They also serve tea , coffee and refreshments . The Center staff members are also friendly and helpful . Everyone loves them .
sounds a good idea .
Before we start , let's have a moment of silence for our fallen men .
Oh , I'm shocked .
I liked Aesthetics best . It is very impressive .
No . it's free .
It ' s so cool !
You ' re welcome . Why don ' t you ask the conductor when he comes by ?
Hmm ... I'll tell you what . I'll lend you four thousand dollars , but you have to pay me back next week .
Right .
You were showing respect and admiration for them .
Have they set a date for the wedding ?
Mam , another minute , could I ?
Yes , stones .
Mary told me that she had seen you with John last night . I got to know the fact that you are playing the field .
wonderful ! I'll start packing our suitcases .
